houghb: houghb has joined the channel
houghb: what is Jim doing?
slackbot: Probably getting swole at crossfit!
houghb: Seriously, slackbot?  Isn’t it more likely he’s taking boltzmann for a walk?
slackbot: woof!
houghb: amazeballs - giphy integration!
houghb: /giphy sheepdog
houghb: just type slash giphy followed by a word and it will fetch a random gif!
houghb: if the gifs are getting to be too much just type /collapse
houghb: is just testing out slack features before bringing it to the group
houghb: use /meme to build your meme
pfaendtner: pfaendtner has joined the channel
arushi: arushi has joined the channel
kayla: kayla has joined the channel
miketung: miketung has joined the channel
chrisfu: chrisfu has joined the channel
yeneneh: yeneneh has joined the channel
anotherjoshsmith: anotherjoshsmith has joined the channel
luizoliveira: luizoliveira has joined the channel
luizoliveira: I received it from my previous mentor, when he was explaining me the importance of git in our project.
kayla: haha awesome
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: Do read all the messages. This is funny!
wesleybeckner: wesleybeckner has joined the channel
caitwolf: caitwolf has joined the channel
alexxyc: alexxyc has joined the channel
houghb: My life lately: 
pfaendtner: lol - I thought of you this morning when I saw this
houghb: I finished my kitchen remodel this weekend so we did some rearranging in cupboards and cleaned out a couple spices we don’t use; I have almost full containers of “Chinese Five Spice” and “Ground Jamaica Allspice” if anyone wants them.  Downstairs on my desk...
pfaendtner: If you mix them and make “Chinese Jamaica Spice” I might be interested
pfaendtner: Take the introvert/extrovert quiz and share results here. I’d love to know how each of you score so I can improve the way I work with you.  ()
pfaendtner: Jim score = 15
pfaendtner: side note: this might not fall under the category of non-work banter.  I’m the worst at Slack :[
houghb: Maybe not banter, but I expect this fits in flimflam, or if not then definitely faffing...
houghb: My score = 40
pfaendtner: My prediction is the avg PRG member score will be a 33
pfaendtner: (not including me, I think I am an outlier)
arushi: 25
anotherjoshsmith: 26
pfaendtner: I got a drone for christmas. I assume you guys will play with it if I bring it into the office, right?
arushi: Is that a big one that you need to register for?
anotherjoshsmith: does it have a camera?
arushi: and yep, we’ll play. Try to shoot it with the (fake) guns downstairs
pfaendtner: not sure. it was from amazon and I don’t think my parents spent that much money on it.  But lets be clear: this is America and the government will pry the drone from my cold dead hands
pfaendtner: it does have a camera. you can use an app on your phone to record video or take pictures.  seems super safe to fly the drone into the labs in Benson that have flammables+glassware
houghb: We’ll find a way to link it to your smartphone so it will go find you wherever you are on campus and hover outside the window
pfaendtner: I can tell people it is my bodyguard
houghb: and all the freshman will see it flying and run after it like the pied piper
luizoliveira: my score = 33
anotherjoshsmith: We should get another one for drone-jousting
chrisfu: i scored a 30
luizoliveira: I read a book, long time ago, about temperaments, the theory behind the book is that there are actually four temperaments, 
And for what I remember, the conclusion of the author is that usually people have at once 2 temperaments, at least.
luizoliveira: I think that is more or less what S. Cain thinks too
luizoliveira: “We are all gloriously complex beings,”
luizoliveira: side projects from Commit Strip
luizoliveira: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: 31
wesleybeckner: blake and Jim bookend a bunch of ambiverts!
houghb: blake: raising the group average since 2011
pfaendtner: we need kayla, yeneneh and michael.  arushi was trash talking me saying my average was going to be way off :wink:
anotherjoshsmith: your average IS going to be way off, big Mike’s gonna score a 10
pfaendtner: no gaming the outcome you nerds
arushi: yeneneh is 32
arushi: I’m changing my score to 27
arushi: margin of error!
pfaendtner: B40, A27, J26, L33, C30, W31, Y32 , avg =31.2 right now. lets see what K and M come up with
miketung: Mine is 25
miketung: nice guess ismitty !
houghb: does anyone else feel like slack is just AIM reloaded?
houghb: now that I think about it, are any of you old enough to remember AIM?
luizoliveira: I’ve just googled AIM.
luizoliveira: I didn’t remember it because in Brazil people used more MSN
luizoliveira: and ICQ
luizoliveira: now, let’s see who have heart about all those
wesleybeckner: i used aim
wesleybeckner: i had a profile on buddy4u
anotherjoshsmith: i talked to my middle school girlfriends exclusively through AIM
luizoliveira: do you guys know whatsapp?
luizoliveira: it the newest MSN in Brazil
luizoliveira: i was kind of forced to create an account, because all of my friends use only that
luizoliveira: they don’t even read emails anymore
wesleybeckner: yea I have whatsapp
arushi: same in India
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: haha fitting since he looks like a walking skeleton
arushi: Looks like Octopus (Spider-Man villain ) cross cyclops
pfaendtner: I am going to pre-order and buy one of the VR rigs.  If Nintendo Wii elevated gaming 10X then the Valve product elevates gaming 100X
houghb: recruiting tip:
Step 1: install TV in Benson lobby
Step 2: live stream this slack channel
Step 3: enjoy gifts from new recruits who want to bribe their way into PRG
arushi: Are you golfing ?
pfaendtner: this is a mini golf game. kind of boring.  The zombie shooter game was insane.  I only got to play that one for like 5 minutes but it was unreal.
pfaendtner: The Vive has total immersion, no light comes in from the periphery and the headset blocks all other sound
wesleybeckner: flywheels have &gt;90% efficiency of energy storage... that's just as good as lithium ion batteries
wesleybeckner: lol
luizoliveira: so sad 
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: PRG wine tasting
wesleybeckner: Anyone second a PRG versus DeForest paintball war?
pfaendtner: meh.  PRG vs DRG MMA.  8 on 8 in the octagon just like the old wrestlemania
luizoliveira: Great! where are you?
houghb: Kauai
anotherjoshsmith: Looks sorta like the dungeon I’m working in right now
anotherjoshsmith: all alone
houghb: :disappointed:
anotherjoshsmith: haha pretty amazing view, though. hope you’ll share more pictures of the island when you’re back!
houghb: definitely.  we can do another slide show.  Have fun at happy hour today celebrating Mike, sorry I can’t be there!
anotherjoshsmith: Fear not upstairs crew, I located the cookies
wesleybeckner: lol someone organized the furniture in the grad lounge. never thought such a thing could happen
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I scored a 23
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
houghb: I got a 41 on the bubble quiz.  Interesting to try and figure out the logic behind the questions on there.
arushi: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: hey anotherjoshsmith some pictures of x-tudo 
anotherjoshsmith: The fried ham is brilliant, I’m gonna ham to make these for group meeting sometime
pfaendtner: In alabama they eat fried baloney
wesleybeckner: ^^and marry cousins #amiright?
kovas: kovas has joined the channel
wesleybeckner: has anyone tried this?

looks like it could be fun you vim loving hooligans!
helmut: helmut has joined the channel
houghb: I just can’t stop wondering where they will get enough syrup for people to swim in...
pfaendtner: is anyone going to the happy hour
parash: parash has joined the channel
blasher: blasher has joined the channel
miketung: Anyone see my token?
miketung: Oh, I found it.
wesleybeckner: lol Putin
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: this week please help to ensure nobody stabs me to death
miketung: 2?  there is no math operater  between three lines make me confused
arushi: 30?
wesleybeckner: 12?
pfaendtner: depends on if you read the 5th number as 11 or not
pfaendtner: 30 or 12 are only viable options but people are passionately arguing that it is 1
pfaendtner: also a carriage return would leave this as “1 + 1 + 1 + 1 +1\n1 + 1 + 1 + 1+ 1\n1 + 1x0 + 1 = 10” !!! if you assume the carriage return sequence is : “ 1 divided by number 1”
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: MOLEMOLE
wesleybeckner: " I mixed Soy sauce and wine vinegar and it caused a chemical reaction which is what I am sure caused the kidney failure, vommitting and diarhorea.
"
houghb: Sometime next week I’ll show a video of my trip to Kauai in B17 for anyone that is interested.  Here is a one minute trailer to get you excited: 
houghb: watch with headphones for sound
wesleybeckner: those are some gnarly shots
wesleybeckner: we have a tripped circuit breaker upstairs. Do we notify Arne?
wesleybeckner: crisis reverted people
wesleybeckner: I only had 2 screens running for about 30 minutes
wesleybeckner: I felt like i was in the stone age
wesleybeckner: averted*
wesleybeckner: lol
wesleybeckner: also the grad lounge microwave is kind of scary
pfaendtner: do any of you watch the walking dead?
kayla: Nope
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: whale rainbow!
anotherjoshsmith: long haired guy is the safest bet
arushi: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: kayla- 'are y'all gonna go skiing in colorado?'
chris-'nah it's gonna be summer'
luiz-'I'm excited to see cows and drink milk'

lolol VERY exciting
luizoliveira: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: just now I realized that there are so many beautiful pics here
luizoliveira: but the only thing on my mind are those nice cows
luizoliveira: :upside_down_face:
luizoliveira: I guess I really miss my childhood in my grandparents' farm
houghb: I have a friend from Telluride and hear it is beautiful, hopefully you can get out and explore a bit.  When will you be there?
chrisfu: 24th-28th of July
houghb: I’ve finished the video from my Kauai trip (trailer: ).  If anyone is interested in watching I’ll show it in B17 at 11:30 Wednesday morning.
luizoliveira: "Meta Dynamics is the most innovative breakthrough in human behaviour since NLP. If you've ever wondered how some people manage to be so successful, Meta Dynamics provides the answers through proven frameworks.

Developed over the past five years and only just made available outside a private client list, Meta Dynamics is the ultimate in assessing strengths and stretches in your personal and professional development.

Based on four dimensions in human behaviour, the Meta Dynamics model provides coaches, consultants and trainers with a framework for identifying where improvement opportunities are."
luizoliveira: from 
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: the most powerful man in the UNIVERSE!!! and hit your face!!!
arushi: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Skeleton is so swole. 
pfaendtner: Lol. *skeletor. Thanks autocorrect
luizoliveira: pfaendtner:  are u looking for bad examples about making pictures for papers?
pfaendtner: lol
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: WTF kevin 
anotherjoshsmith: So cruel
houghb: this is why they will rise up against us
pfaendtner: If it was me in that video I would have gone to work w/my zombie survival bat (barbed wire wrapped on a Louisville slugger). That robot would not have stood up.
pfaendtner: Lets all keep an eye on our things today while CDF is in the office
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: I’m for sure converting to Pastafarianism
miketung: I  think it just looks not straight on the flat map, but it actually is.
pfaendtner: #skeptic
houghb: I agree with Mike, you’re on track for shortest route (assuming that straight line just connects your start and current positions): 
spatial reasoning ftw
pfaendtner: hmmmmmmmm this whole “globe thang” is just toooooo much
anotherjoshsmith: Honestly though, the planet looks flat to me. I think we put too much faith in "math" and "science" these days. I'll believe it's spherical when I see it.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: "there’s no way u can see all the evidence and not know” anotherjoshsmith
anotherjoshsmith: BoB 2016
pfaendtner: I’ll wear a raspberry beret
anotherjoshsmith: can’t think of a more fitting tribute
anotherjoshsmith: i’ll get purple teardrop tattoos
pfaendtner: josh broke the news about prince pretty fast -  that is on the spot
anotherjoshsmith: he made me want to be a scientist, i’m devastated
arushi: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: <missing_message>
arushi: <missing_message>
houghb: &gt;The pièce de résistance on Haushofer's CV of failures? His "meta-failure.”
&gt;"This darn CV of Failures has received way more attention that my entire body of academic work," the document reads.
pfaendtner: Not sure if you guys saw this yesterday: 
pfaendtner: but I posted it on my FB account and then one of my friends made this:
pfaendtner: and was complaining how UW doesn’t have an inclusive profile for new faculty :wink:
anotherjoshsmith: the banana republic mannequin’s always rock the freshest gear
houghb: quote of the day:
&gt;“Lucifer in the flesh,” the former speaker said. “I have Democrat friends and Republican friends. I get along with almost everyone, but I have never worked with a more miserable son of a bitch in my life.”
pfaendtner: houghb:  is that quote about me?!
pfaendtner: arushi: he’s watching
wesleybeckner: #doitfordan
houghb: pfaendtner: not unless John Boehner is one of the people you’ve been trolling on nextdoor.
houghb: crazy: 
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
arushi: Did anyone catch game of thrones last night ? :O
arushi: Omg! 
pfaendtner: :simple_smile: loved it - don’t tell Kayla what happened tho
arushi: Haha sure! No spoilers 
anotherjoshsmith: i preferred the first episode
miketung: yes, me : )
miketung: last scene of EP1 anotherjoshsmith
luizoliveira: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: Although far from here, we should go there one of these days. I had one beer from their place during an UWPA event.
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: the interactive p-value calculator is pretty funny
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
arushi: <missing_message>
tunyia2: tunyia2 has joined the channel
arushi: Singing happy birthday is illegal
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: apparently!
arushi: 
helmholtz free energy and why we are limited to 3D
luizoliveira: the CV of failures from a Professor that Arushi posted some days ago reminded of this 
wesleybeckner: if anyone has a tuesday heartache 

wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: what is it?
wesleybeckner: Joel Osteen's wife lol check out that hair
houghb: Live science!   One of my friends is running the communications for this sub every day from 12-4.  You can ask questions live and the researchers will answer them on the air - fun!
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: here is a weird thing
pfaendtner: Chemistry group ride on Link Light Rail: Have a U-PASS but have yet to take the light rail from the UW station? Take ride with commute ambassadors Diana Knight, Martin Sadilek, and Cynthia Stanich on Wednesday, June 1 to check it out. We will meet outside of Bagley Hall at 12:00 pm and return well before 1:00 pm. If you don’t have a U-PASS but want to take this “practice ride,” contact Diana ASAP , <mailto:dknight1@uw.edu|dknight1@uw.edu>); we may be able to provide ORCA cards (no guarantees). Please let Diana, Martin (<mailto:sadilek@uw.edu|sadilek@uw.edu>), or Cynthia (<mailto:stanich@uw.edu|stanich@uw.edu>) know if you plan to participate, which can also enter you in a drawing for an Eltana Wood-Fired Bagel Café gift card or mini LED clip for nighttime visibility. Tap on tap off!
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: me and yeneneh just got so much free food
arushi: Core younger than the crust- because of time dilation! :O
luizoliveira: @Wes @Chris I know nothing about Java, only this: 
houghb: 102 degrees in my backyard right now! :hot_pepper:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: i promise not to punish the perpetrator too harshly, but a smith always pays his debts.
wesleybeckner: I just wanna give a big shoutout to arushi
arushi: lol, I didn’t do the thing to josh’s doll!
wesleybeckner: do not lie gypsy
anotherjoshsmith: He's an ACTION FIGURE not a doll!
arushi: Don't we want this card game for our lab ? 
luizoliveira: can’t believe, they stole my idea….
anotherjoshsmith: starring blasher
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
arushi: <missing_message>
amirh.mafi: amirh.mafi has joined the channel
maneki_neko: maneki_neko has joined the channel
nikita.grover: nikita.grover has joined the channel
dorislayman: dorislayman has joined the channel
miketung: woof!
miketung: woof!
slackbot: boltzmann
luizoliveira: hahahahahaha
miketung: boltzmann
slackbot: woof!
luizoliveira: haha
slackbot: HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
luizoliveira: Oh man, I really want some cookies
slackbot: <missing_message>
yeneneh: lol
maneki_neko: I'm going to leave the leftover cookies from the meeting in the fridge. Feel free to have them. -Miwa
slackbot: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: thanks for reminding me sir!
arushi: Happy Birthday Chris :) 
luizoliveira: happy birthday dude!
pfaendtner: Congratulations on being born, Chris
chrisfu: thanks!
pfaendtner: when you accidentally launch a script on the front end that starts 500 gromacs jobs :open_mouth:
arushi: *gcq#580: "Always code as if the person who ends up maintaining your code is a violent psychopath who knows where you live." (Martin Golding)*
Messages from gromacs are always fun
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: please vote! If you guys help me we can do it.  send to everyone you know in an annoying way too
pfaendtner: :dog:
pfaendtner: about to listen to Hip Hop BBQ station on Pandora and edit Blakes Thesis.  Hope we can start with Ignition remix...
houghb: :musical_note::squirrel: :hamburger::hotdog: :page_facing_up:
houghb: Nice! At first I was amazed at your custom left-handed keyboards until I realized the photo is mirrored :slightly_smiling_face:
anotherjoshsmith: haha yeah, picked up the left handed keyboards from Salvation Army. that place is full of goodies.
slackbot: HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
anotherjoshsmith: glad slackbot appreciated the joke...
pfaendtner: I hope slackbot has a great 4th of july
coco: coco has joined the channel
luizoliveira: Happy Birthday Arushi!!!
anotherjoshsmith: where’s that?
vjaeger01: vjaeger01 has joined the channel
pfaendtner: Already bagged a bunch of Pokemon 
pfaendtner: anotherjoshsmith: Roche harbor 
anotherjoshsmith: Join Team Mystic, or I will crush you
houghb: pfaendtner: directly below all the lights on the left side of that image is my old office (kayak)!
pfaendtner: I don’t get the team thing yet
anotherjoshsmith: have you hit level 5?
anotherjoshsmith: nvm, i’ll explain it during my group meeting presentation today
pfaendtner: wish you would have delivered on this promise :frowning:
anotherjoshsmith: I can give a tutorial any time
anotherjoshsmith: Maybe add something to the group github
pfaendtner: do you believe in ghosts?
pfaendtner: please don’t post smut in our slack channel
pfaendtner: :thumbsdown:
anotherjoshsmith: gcq#234: "If I Wanted You to Understand This, I Would Explain it Better" (J. Cruijff)
anotherjoshsmith: Soccer legend gets nod from Gromacs
pfaendtner: this poor guy - he does something any of you can do in 5 minutes and he gets a shirt
pfaendtner: :crying_cat_face:
pfaendtner: Anyone else get Rick Rolled by Melania?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: read this sic email Microsoft sent out.  Hope we have some hella noms and tons of dranks at the bbq today
wesleybeckner: slackbots gotten  a lot more verbose these six weeks...
anotherjoshsmith: for real, that thing’s on a roll
slackbot: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: another one of those cool scrolly info articles 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: THIS WILL NOT STAND. YOU DO NOT EAT KFC WITH A FORK AND KNIFE
pfaendtner: Someone help. The last 10 days has been basically hourly gaffes and mistakes by Trump campaign. Today barely anything happened :disappointed:
arushi: Has anybody tried this? (tired of cooking)
arushi: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Won't you still be hungry!?
arushi: Maybe it’s really dense. Maybe I don’t know how hunger works
pfaendtner: y would u drink solvent? please be careful
wesleybeckner: willy has tried soylent before :stuck_out_tongue:
pfaendtner: is that a pokemon, ARushi?
arushi: Rabbit! It's hard to see I think. Center of the image :
pfaendtner: looks delicious!
pfaendtner: Molecular engineering was first defined in 1956
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I am with MolES students and staff and faculty today editing the wikipedia articles related to molecular engineering
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Please don’t give money to someone who is going to pay your tuition for you
pfaendtner: When you have a seat at the table you can make a difference.  Please have a look @ the Molecular Engineering wikipedia page and notice what is FIRST under “instruments and methods” :slightly_smiling_face:
luizoliveira: I also liked to see Feynman mentioned in “History”
pfaendtner: I wrote that paragraph :)
pfaendtner: These are some of Boltzmann’s distant dog cousins!
slackbot: woof!
maneki_neko: They're really cute! :smiley_cat:
pfaendtner: Why is Canada allowed to have a beach volleyball team? Are there even beaches in Canada?
anotherjoshsmith: Probably not many where you'd wear beach volleyball outfits
pfaendtner: I always am wearing my beach volleyball outfit. 
pfaendtner: Side note. Italians remove 'ball' from name of sport. They just call it "Beach Volley" or "Basket" 
anotherjoshsmith: I understand, beach volley is a lifestyle
pfaendtner: Speaking of beach volley - we need a game (preferably) a novelty type game to play Sunday. Anyone played anything new lately ? I saw one at REI but was skeptical. Looked like four square and hackey sack
pfaendtner: Grafiti from my friend Max in Paris
pfaendtner: and here is an example of me trolling a random person on FB today
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
arushi: Day 1 and 21 are so funny and regretful 
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: btw soylent for 30 days sounds like just the worst
pfaendtner: The guy looks identical after drinking soyled water for 30 days - what am I missing
pfaendtner: Happy Friday, nerds!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: Is this the guy you mention to Chris and I during our trip to Telluride?
pfaendtner: I don’t think so - DJ Khaled is more known for his expertise in molecular thermodynamics and does not do much work in complex reaction networks.
luizoliveira: hahahahaha,
luizoliveira: Just listening to “I got the keys” I couldn’t agree more.
luizoliveira: Brazilian rap is a bit different 
pfaendtner:  chrisfu 
arushi: quote from plumed manual  
"for masochists ( mostly Davide Branduardi )” :open_mouth:
pfaendtner: warning: foul language ahead
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
houghb: post-phd daydreams: 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: #sad
anotherjoshsmith: poor wesleybeckner
wesleybeckner: Hahahah
arushi: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I never floss! stupid use of string!
pfaendtner: here is a great simulation project to use Hyak time
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
eprates: eprates has joined the channel
wesleybeckner: its a salmon cannon
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
arushi: Did you know that fish pee serves as nutrients for corals? Researchers at UW Fishery Department know it!
wesleybeckner: I did not! Such useful tid bits arushi!
pfaendtner: what else can u do with fish pee?
pfaendtner: feeling sad we did not win more gold medals in the olympics.  Click like if u agree
wesleybeckner: roll
slackbot: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: arushi are you drinking the Soilent yet?
arushi: it’s tasteless, like chalk. I’ll probably experiment with some syrups.
pfaendtner: Wes and I are very interested in the cannagar.  Great flavor?
slackbot: wooh Wes!
pfaendtner: here we go
anotherjoshsmith: wowww thems is expensive!
pfaendtner: Wes and I will share it if we get it
slackbot: wooh Wes!
wesleybeckner: hahah
pfaendtner: Watching Katie Ladecky get interviewed on PBS newshour. I’m really struck by the fact that she won 4 gold medals and her goals were ALL about achieving at a certain level (e.g., certain time in 400m swim) and NONE about beating other people or winning races.
wesleybeckner: preach. success is being the best version of oneself, not better than other people.
anotherjoshsmith: what about being a pretty good version of oneself? best sounds too competitive
wesleybeckner: our team has over 10,000 messages wowzers
arushi: So...

pfaendtner: my friend in psych department sent met this
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: I'm listening to the book 'bold'. I have it on dropbox if anyone else wants it. 
pfaendtner: Amir just brought me a cookie.  You all could learn a lot from him :confused:
slackbot: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: #goals 
pfaendtner: What is the equivalent in terms of your research?
wesleybeckner: behaving like HIM at AIChE
pfaendtner: lol wow.  lets go ahead and edit that to “HIM” - but we all know who you are talking about :wink:
pfaendtner: ps HIM is on your phd committee
kayla: torture
kayla: that would be awful
wesleybeckner: I think I just died a little
pfaendtner: wesleybeckner
pfaendtner: Always struggle:  which Hip Hop BBQ station is better:  Pandora or Spotify
anotherjoshsmith: #teamapplemusic
pfaendtner: team applesauce?
pfaendtner: do they have a channel called Hip Hop BBQ?
anotherjoshsmith: "Live at the BBQ"
anotherjoshsmith: "Old School BBQ"
anotherjoshsmith: "Funk and Hip-Hop BBQ"
pfaendtner: Hmmmmmmm OK I’ll try it.
slackbot: Do, or do not. There is no try.
anotherjoshsmith: take your pick
anotherjoshsmith: wise words slackbot
wesleybeckner: calling it out
wesleybeckner: preach it slackbot
pfaendtner: how do I listen to applesauce music? i
anotherjoshsmith: start a free trial through music on your phone i think?
pfaendtner: wow.  much confuse.
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: ah now I got it. it’s your paper!
luizoliveira: congrats man!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: when wes and jim meet
houghb: thinking of ya’ll 

wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: where dat at
pfaendtner: space
wesleybeckner: hey this looks pretty neat! 
luizoliveira: Really discreet
anotherjoshsmith: wish i had one for the SAT
wesleybeckner: lol so awesome. so discreet
anotherjoshsmith: unadulterated enthusiasm
pfaendtner: lol! I’m a total snape
pfaendtner: Wes what is that thing? like an armpit fan?
wesleybeckner: lol yeah its a fan for your armpits hahaha
pfaendtner: no for real what is it
pfaendtner: PS look @ the smile on president Cauce’s face (lower right)
pfaendtner: highly recommend Spotify “Late Night Focus” channel as esm/concentration
arushi: We should try for one of these 
slackbot: Do, or do not. There is no try.
arushi: An ignobel prize 
arushi: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: PSYCHOLOGY PRIZE
Evelyne Debey, Maarten De Schryver, Gordon Logan, Kristina Suchotzki, and Bruno Verschuere, for asking a thousand liars how often they lie, and for deciding whether to believe those answers.
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Ah dang, that's not what I meant to send, sorry folks!
anotherjoshsmith: Wait... Maybe it is. Face off part is funny
arushi: Breaking news ! Naked guy stuck between two shop roofs on the ave
arushi: 6 police cars and 10 policemen helping him down 
wesleybeckner: nice
wesleybeckner: i believe in freedum
pfaendtner: arushi , was it a PRG?
pfaendtner: TIL: ‘Broccoli’ is a new urban euphemism for weed! as in “today I smoked that broccoli”  :heart: :heart: :heart:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: healthy salad recipe
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Have you guys read paperbackparadise on instagram? It is totally inappropriate and nsfw.
pfaendtner: those days when your boss is going crazy emailing everyone all the time.  I think I figured out how to go Super Saiyan like Goku and Rohan. Hope it lasts…
anotherjoshsmith: Part of the key to going super saiyan is working out in space... Sabbatical maybe?
pfaendtner: I watched the original DBZ - I never understood space as being essential for going super. I know Vegeta trained in very high gravity environment in a different dimension to do it.  But lets be honest, CrossFit Interbay has way more gravity than that…
kayla: This is a difficult conversation for me to follow.
anotherjoshsmith: yeah it felt like goku was training for three season’s. not a very compelling storyline.
kayla: Super saiyan? goku? rohan? dbz?
anotherjoshsmith: gotanks
anotherjoshsmith: Gotenks***
anotherjoshsmith: You and Wes should do the fusion dance and create a super researcher
slackbot: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: I didn't know what ladder toss was called. my google search actually worked " its a game like cornhole but with balls string and rods "
wesleybeckner: lol
wesleybeckner: my fav song 
pfaendtner: pretty interesting - it seems like the majority of interest in the group thus far is in the reactions project, not the bio project!
kayla: Really?? Huh. That is interesting! 
pfaendtner: it will all sort itself out. I’m not too worried…
anotherjoshsmith: I hope it's not because I've been telling everyone how boring biology is!
luizoliveira: I heard you guys (kayla, jim and chris) talking about amazon prime, is this really a good deal? I thought that it is was super expensive… I’m surprise it isn’t
pfaendtner: If you will use the videos, then I think it is a good deal.  (you can look at all amazon videos that say “prime” and you can watch those for free w/prime subscription).  The 2-day free shipping is great
luizoliveira: I will give it a try. Thanks!
slackbot: Do, or do not. There is no try.
houghb: luizoliveira If you haven’t signed up for amazon prime before you can get an academic discount (half off) for your first few years
houghb: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: Cool. Mr Fu just explained that. I’ll do it!
arushi: Do you mean Mr Glitter Fish ?
pfaendtner: Hope y'all are watching the Dawgs 
kayla: Totes! We're on it! 
wesleybeckner: Van should be capitalized unless preceded by first name[edit]
I should note that the standard way of writing Dutch names entails that the first "tussenvoegsel" (in this case, "van") should only be lowercase if the subject's first name precedes it. So, Johannes Diderik van der Waals is correct, but van der Waals is not. In the latter case, it should be Van der Waals (yes, mid-sentence too). 195.241.69.171 (talk) 22:46, 28 November 2009 (UTC)
pfaendtner: someone is looking at the editorial trace document from his paper
pfaendtner: “I’ll just get up at 4:30 am in seattle to pre-aclimate to washington DC time for my one day trip there”  :disappointed: :disappointed: :disappointed:
luizoliveira: this is great 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
kayla: That’s almost as impressive as Boltzmann fitting through that tiny cat hole
slackbot: woof!
pfaendtner: great article about  PhD from UW who is closely involved w/Flint water crisis.
pfaendtner: His advisor was Prof. Benjamin from CEE
pfaendtner: this little trumpkin is very excited
anotherjoshsmith: Founding member of Southern Mississippi Preschool Young Republicans Club
pfaendtner: I’d like to see him try and defend Thomas Rawls running the ball
slackbot: Do, or do not. There is no try.
anotherjoshsmith: haha he'd be on the "do not" side of things for sure
anotherjoshsmith: pfaendtner did you ever meet this charming fellow?
pfaendtner: I knew the name Stoddart was familiar! I haven’t met him but he looks like a real chemist
anotherjoshsmith: I'm gonna start cutting my hair like that. Seems like most successful scientists have a similar look!
wesleybeckner: it's like the reverse wesley
arushi: 

Are we doing simulations in a simulation (which is life) ?
wesleybeckner: i think we're in a simulation inside a simulation doing simulations
pfaendtner: you guys are amaze “. I attended the talk yesterday and I found the atmosphere in your group is so cool”
kayla: yay!!
pfaendtner: could have replaced cool w/ “scholarly” but whatever :slightly_smiling_face:
kayla: hah
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ collaboration in prg 
pfaendtner: Also. You are not idiots. 
kayla: That's some wizardry right there...;) 
anotherjoshsmith: isolate the node!!!!
pfaendtner: Nothing would make me happier than a PRG remake of this scene …
luizoliveira: every day I love more and more American politics 
kayla: I saw this the other day!! So spot on and hilarious.
arushi: Debate :metal: 
anotherjoshsmith: This is so hard to watch
kayla: It's like watching jerry springer or something 
arushi: I heard bigly
kayla: Fingers crossed those numbers are true Josh
wesleybeckner: I've changed my position after the 2nd debate. 100% Trump
wesleybeckner: didnt realize debates could get so jerry springer
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
arushi: _In this atmosphere, grad students often assume that they are under constant scrutiny by their professors—that their worthiness is continuously reevaluated on the basis of every comment or action. (In fact, this is a myth. For better or worse, your professors probably think about you far less than you think about them)_
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: we should have mandatory group yoga once a week
anotherjoshsmith: Jim will lead
anotherjoshsmith: or luiz
kayla: I like it. 
luizoliveira: after listening to Trump, this Brazilian reporter wasn’t happy
luizoliveira: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: “puta que pariu" is something like “fuck”, but a bit stronger
pfaendtner: group crossfit before group yogurt.  Seriously people.  Once we’ve had group yogurt then we can talk about yoga.
pfaendtner: arushi  - where did that quote from?  BTW it is a sheer numbers game.  I simply cannot think about you guys as much as you might think about me :neutral_face:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ useful term to know
pfaendtner: wes by Christmas, guarantee
anotherjoshsmith: considering we’ve had group yogurt (danimals) i think it’s time to reopen the yoga issue
kayla: Hahah agreed!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
kayla: Super creepypasta.
kayla: I hate it.
pfaendtner: creepypasta is this thing i never really understood
kayla: I can handle ronald mcdonald
kayla: yuck.
kayla: I hate clowns.
pfaendtner: final clown
pfaendtner: to lighten things up
anotherjoshsmith: TROLL
kayla: messed up.
kayla: seriously.
pfaendtner: sorry  Ican’t stop
kayla: i thought you said last one!
pfaendtner: I meant 2nd to last one
kayla: right
pfaendtner: now I have to write - so many words
kayla: thanks for the nightmares.
pfaendtner: :laughing:
pfaendtner: wish we had a karaoke rig in B17
pfaendtner: I totally lost that drone charger - if you can find the right charger on amazon I’ll order it
anotherjoshsmith: say the word and wes and i will get the karaoke situation handled
pfaendtner: Just listening to Ignition - Remix and realizing how bigly I could crush it with you guys
pfaendtner: Danger Zone by Kenny Loggins is sic to drop too
wesleybeckner: I'll make an Amazon list for all the necessary equipment 
pfaendtner: :confused:
kayla: whatttt?
kayla: weird
pfaendtner: so weird
pfaendtner: She follows 180K people , but still...
anotherjoshsmith: You've made it!
kayla: haha
pfaendtner: two pieces of awesome news.  1) Seahawks win (it was not pass interference) and 2) I found the drone charger
anotherjoshsmith: :tada:
anotherjoshsmith: gcq#256: "I Quit My Job Blowing Leaves" (Beck)
pfaendtner: my friend made this
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: looks coool 
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: Erm
pfaendtner: There is no uncertainty about how they lean!
arushi: Why don't they have error bars? lol
pfaendtner: N is probably 5
pfaendtner: lets hit some shots, PRG!
anotherjoshsmith: "No, you're the puppet!"
pfaendtner: I think we know the only puppet
kayla: bah! i can't watch this.
pfaendtner: but you can’t stop watching either!
kayla: so true
pfaendtner: trump is doing too average
kayla: haha agreed
wesleybeckner: lol gross
pfaendtner: so great
wesleybeckner: reading some government websites to learn about the 'materials genome initiative' and lemmejussay there are so many typos...
wesleybeckner: sad face for america
wesleybeckner: do people remember a time when you could drag windows using three fingers on mac? or am I making thisup
kayla: I don't remember that 
anotherjoshsmith: my parents never loved me enough to buy a Mac for me
kayla: Haha 
pfaendtner: Three finger swipe is still possible. You just have to set it up on prefs. 
pfaendtner: anotherjoshsmith: not sure if u saw. OSU is playing UW right now. 
anotherjoshsmith: Second half team :joy:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I actually watched this :disappointed:
pfaendtner: it is truly not a cutting edge drone.  we should get a different one for PRG
kayla: agreed!
anotherjoshsmith: we’ve pretty much got the hang of it. next step is passing notes in B17
kayla: haha
kayla: awesome
kayla: fly one up to me!
wesleybeckner: i think we should come up with a prg title sequence music video
wesleybeckner: something that nods to the original sesame street
pfaendtner: would be killer for you to drone me a sandwich
pfaendtner: or just the lunch meet really
pfaendtner: wesleybeckner
pfaendtner: yes - to sesame street
pfaendtner: although it would be good to feature a PRG Fight club sequence in the intro w/me vs. Bert
anotherjoshsmith: Pfaendtner Durden
pfaendtner: for serious: had a nightmare that you guys could see my whole spotify play history :crying_cat_face: .  BTW currently listening to Destiny’s Child @ 4:41 am while working on a proposal
anotherjoshsmith: proposal-induced stress dreams are running rampant. last night i dreamt i was facing a hunger games style brawl, then matt murbach swooped in with a get away car just before i was eliminated. what a hero,
pfaendtner: did  guys see wes made this  :trump:
kayla: No!! but I love it.
kayla: That is epic.
pfaendtner: big league
arushi: 

Reminds me of the failure of 365 papers in 365 days kayla @chris 
wesleybeckner: "aggressively bland" heheh
pfaendtner: Please goto this website and vote for my nephew’s class to win some grant from Framers Insurance:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Search last name “hauser” and vote!
pfaendtner: slow week on slack
anotherjoshsmith: mid fall blues striking with a vengeance
pfaendtner: that’s not a thing!!!
anotherjoshsmith: it is when you take STAT 509
anotherjoshsmith: :trump:
arushi: Or when you TA :P
kayla: Love the trump emoji 
pfaendtner: kayla logs onto slack just to tell us how she loves trump.  so weird
kayla: Hah. Very funny. 
pfaendtner: Need to find a day that Kayla, Arushi, Josh and Wes are all free for happy hour - want to take whole group out in appreciation of all the work you have done on grants and recruiting - but you guys did the heavy lifting for sure
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp*
anotherjoshsmith: thanks, sounds great!
pfaendtner: I could do tue next week
anotherjoshsmith: i think we need to update slackbot's response to :beers:
kayla: I can't, got choir on Tuesdays 
pfaendtner: :musical_score:
kayla: Indeed 
pfaendtner: Nov 7 or 9 (week after next)
kayla: Either works for me 
anotherjoshsmith: works for me
arushi: Ooh! That's after the election 
anotherjoshsmith: yeah let's do the 9th!
arushi: We can watch the election countdown 
arushi: Vote count I mean 
arushi: When does that happen ?
kayla: On the eighth right? 
anotherjoshsmith: the 8th
coco: kayla What kind of choir?
kayla: It's a mixed-voice ensemble in Seattle! Like 60 people, men and women, of all ages. It's called Cantare Vocal Ensemble. 
pfaendtner: Is that basically like Pitch Perfect the movie?
kayla: Never seen it! No idea.
pfaendtner: you haven’t?! you would probably like it
kayla: I like the song with Anna Kendrick and the cups!
kayla: That's all I know about it though
pfaendtner: I’m a sucker for cutsie movies about college
kayla: hah
pfaendtner: holy crap it rained 9 inches in october
pfaendtner: all time wettest october
kayla: This is the doggie I picked up a couple days ago if anyone is in the market :wink:
kayla: <missing_message>
kayla: Ollie!
pfaendtner: maybe the group should adopt him
pfaendtner: we can rotate him around houses
kayla: Haha I like it!
pfaendtner: Halloween 2016.  PRGs dressed up as Jim. Jim dressed up as a Bavarian.
kayla: Awesomeee
arushi: Who are these people ? :o
arushi: Looking real good.
kayla: From left, mike deighan, Patrick burney, Jim, and Christina (I think?) 
kayla: Never met Christina 
pfaendtner: Cristina Russo - she was a postdoc for 1 year
kayla: Happy Diwali to you too Arushi!! :slightly_smiling_face:
kayla: Be careful around all those firecrackers!
arushi: It's illegal so not doing it.
If I were in India .. omg ! Can't even start 
arushi: Thank you though !!
anotherjoshsmith: Do the firecrackers. Laws are more like guidelines anyway 
pfaendtner: Happy Diwali!!! Even in a bathroom!!!
maneki_neko: Happy Halloween and Diwali everyone :smile_cat:
wesleybeckner: NSFW: watched "the greasy strangler" with Mike and Hattie this weekend. so freaking weird. kind of hilarious
kayla: Such a great picture Luiz! Thanks for sharing!! 
luizoliveira: Thanks! The picture was taken at the end of our trick-or-treat and because of the rain my hair was terrible. :slightly_smiling_face:. But still, it’s a good picture
pfaendtner: Klaus Schulten has died. A great loss for biophysical simulation world
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner:  oh no guys
kayla: 4chan. Hah. Total hoax.
kayla: Says Ole, "Just some guy chugging mountain dew in his mom's basement!"
kayla: Also, I miss Jon Stewart.
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Cool concept!
pfaendtner: can anyone use machine learning to figure out what this means
houghb: No need, its obviously due to natural solar cycles
luizoliveira: :+1::skin-tone-4: 
luizoliveira: Good one
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: talk about a rigged system! who would live in this wretched state
pfaendtner: Just friend requested this guy - I’m going to talk him down frmo the ledge
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ one of my favorites of all time
anotherjoshsmith: Yeah, wutever...
pfaendtner: maybe you guys should think about getting tattoo of my face on your biceps.  Could be a great group bonding experience...
anotherjoshsmith: I'm in. Does anyone else in the group have a tattoo....?
pfaendtner: since Deighan left I think we are ink free
anotherjoshsmith: Apart from me
pfaendtner: sorry josh, I forgot about the butterfly on your ankle :confused:
anotherjoshsmith: It's not just any butterfly, it's my good luck charm :information_desk_person::skin-tone-3:
pfaendtner: we should do a purple accent stripe and block W when we paint B17
pfaendtner: I think we can get the actual UW purple and gray colors for our paint
kayla: I like it.
kayla: I still think we should do a whole wall of chalkboard paint
pfaendtner: we can try w/whiteboard , but chalk will be a huge messs
slackbot: Do, or do not. There is no try.
kayla: that would work
anotherjoshsmith: We could even do a clear coat of dry erase paint over that UW gray and purple :heart_eyes:
pfaendtner: is that athing?!
anotherjoshsmith: Yes sir!
pfaendtner: what if we painted the undergrads with dry ease
pfaendtner: erase
anotherjoshsmith: Group productivity would almost definitely triple
pfaendtner: wish there was a spotify plugin on Slack so we could all listen to the same jams
pfaendtner:  Please make sure this gets added 
pfaendtner: sad no seahawks today :crying_cat_face:
kayla: I know! Super sad. But some good games going today.
coco: Good picture:joy:
pfaendtner: still haven’t filled out my ballot.  who should i vote for
coco: :trump:
kayla: Haha nice coco 
kayla: So cute!! 
coco: :heart_eyes_cat:
pfaendtner: Trump holding a homemade Trump Bitmoji
wesleybeckner: ML guy 
pfaendtner: statistical sampling on an ensemble of aggregators!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
arushi: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: :panda_face::stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: Is CBS accurate because Trump's numbers keep increasing 
arushi: And I don't know how that's happening ! As in which states are contributing to him 
arushi: Does someone have a better link 
arushi: ?
arushi: Got it
anotherjoshsmith: It's okay. Those electoral votes are coming from the states he's supposed to win. Where people are racist and suck at math.
arushi: Haha 
maneki_neko: Texas mathematician won the Abel prize in 2010. They're not all bad at math. :stuck_out_tongue:
arushi: NY Times &gt;95% trump
pfaendtner: Holy shit you guys. 
anotherjoshsmith: What's happening...?
arushi: Florida
kayla: Oh my god. 
kayla: this can't be happening.
pfaendtner: It is happening. 
kayla: This is ridiculous. Has to be a joke right?
pfaendtner: You guys don't have to come to work tomorrow if you can't.  But I will be there 
kayla: At least Washington goes blueeee
kayla: something is still right with the world.
arushi: Okay then. Booking a flight to India. Bye PRG
pfaendtner: We will miss you arushi! Good luck! :four_leaf_clover: 
kayla: I'm off to Canada. Tootles!
arushi: That good luck clover should be for Canada right?
pfaendtner: In off to Michigan. Where my family is apparently ruining the world 
wesleybeckner: It's been nice knowing you guys
anotherjoshsmith: Canada and India won't avoid nuclear winter. I'm colonizing Mars
kayla: Haha
kayla: Good plan Josh
kayla: Canada's immigration website crashes as Trump exceeds expectations
kayla: LITERALLY
kayla: i just read that on my live stream
houghb: I can’t believe this
houghb: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: I feel like I'm watching a train crash. :cold_sweat:
houghb: at least there’s that good news
kayla: True that.
kayla: Hah.
arushi: He looks so good. I would move to his country :heart: 
kayla: haha arushi and justin, sittin in a tree!
houghb: :cry::beer:
kayla: seriously
kayla: Pinterest is trying to cheer me up with "Six farmhouse-style pins you might like"
kayla: It's not working.
houghb: that’s because all the people in farmhouses are out voting, so it’s lonely there
kayla: hah
maneki_neko: I knew my Japanese citizenship would be really handy one day.
kayla: :slightly_smiling_face:
pfaendtner: What networks are you guys watching 
kayla: CNN
kayla: and reddit
pfaendtner: John King has an incredible amount of stamina 
anotherjoshsmith: Fox News
pfaendtner: All the zooming and saying percentages 
kayla: true
kayla: it's impressive
pfaendtner: Check out NBC poor Tom Brokaw looks like he will die 
houghb: all the people on abc look morose as well
houghb: :+1:
maneki_neko: Is election night typically this insane? Or is it just Trump?
pfaendtner: This is pretty insane. 2000 was like this 
pfaendtner: It didn't end for 5 weeks 
luizoliveira: so, there is still hope?
maneki_neko: Ohh. That one had a ton of controversy about recounting and Florida.
anotherjoshsmith: Manbearpig hijacked the 2000 election
maneki_neko: Manbearpig...?
wesleybeckner: Hunger games 2017. I hope my district wins.
arushi: Google called it
arushi: It's a win for trump
arushi: And NY TIMES
coco: I am extremely sad and I am still making slides:cry:
arushi: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Group meeting?! buehler?!
anotherjoshsmith: Y'all on that #warren2020 bandwagon yet?
kayla: #michelleobama2020 for me!!
pfaendtner: Interesting article on slate this AM about michelle.  I am pulling for warren!
luizoliveira: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: Now, I got it
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Getting close 
arushi: This research article may validate the purpose of my mica research 
arushi: "Possible origin of life between mica sheets"
wesleybeckner: Your own brilliance validates your research Arushi
arushi: Good time at the Hilton? :hotel:
wesleybeckner: Great. Its been huge
pfaendtner: ….UUUUUGE
coco: <missing_message>
arushi: This is so much fun! Also frustrating. I got a relationship which broke up and down graded my conference to something else 
arushi: :(
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
coco: Yeah:joy_cat: I got so many garbage 
anotherjoshsmith: i think ‘brexit’ should be added as a command line program
anotherjoshsmith: it either exits normally or fries your CPU
pfaendtner: You guys - I finally got caught up after all the grants and AIChE. I sent 90 emails yesterday!!
pfaendtner: I’m back!
pfaendtner: 78 new emails in my inbox :disappointed: :disappointed: :disappointed:
kayla: How is that possible?! 
kayla: Yikes 
pfaendtner: Got it down to 47 now
pfaendtner: got it down to zero now
arushi: Soon this will be you Kayla! 
pfaendtner: Hopefully Kayla can achieve more than sending a buncha emails :articulated_lorry: 
luizoliveira: NO…. is this for real?
luizoliveira: Is it written in Swedish?
luizoliveira: can’t read anything
luizoliveira: it can be french!
kayla: That is super rad if that is real. 
pfaendtner: It is def for real
pfaendtner: In Swedish. We have a translation of the card on the back. 
luizoliveira: Great! Awesome gift you got man! In summary, what does it say on the card?
kayla: Super neat 
pfaendtner: It is funny. Basically this autograph collector wanted to pay Arrhenius for his autograph and he as was sending him a note back saying he wouldn't take money for it. 
luizoliveira: hahaha
luizoliveira: nice guy this Arrhenius
luizoliveira: so he sent the autograph for free
pfaendtner: Happy thanksgiving PRG! 
kayla: Happy turkey/football day!! :football::poultry_leg:
arushi: Happy Thanksgiving !!! :D
wesleybeckner: :hotdog: 
luizoliveira: Happy Thanksgiving friends. I'm really grateful to work with you guys!!
maneki_neko: :clap:
kayla: I echo that statement! 
anotherjoshsmith: Still full from dinner
pfaendtner: happy hr wed 11/30? kayla chrisfu anotherjoshsmith wesleybeckner coco arushi  are you guys available? you are the ‘celebrants’ ( grants help +  passed exams + 1st paper published) so if this works for you we can go with it
kayla: Yep! 
chrisfu: Yep
coco: yep
pfaendtner: what an awful game for the hawks!
kayla: soooo bad!! hard to watch.
pfaendtner: I’m not worried - whole NFC west lost today so we didn’t lose ground. tons of people back next week from injuries for a strong december run - we should be fine and still in decent shape to finish 2nd in NFC
kayla: Good point!
pfaendtner: ya’lls boss finished 2nd place in a team crossfit competition this weekend albeit the masters (a.ka. old people) division
luizoliveira: As Patricia uses to say on Buy Nothing, I’d love to be considered
kayla: Just realized I have choir practice Wednesday evening and so can't do happy hour then. But if that day works for everyone else, as it seems it might, then please don't reschedule because of me. 
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp*
pfaendtner: Tue is equal for me.  But need a hand figuring things out if we are going to switch. 
wesleybeckner: Tues there is a DIRECT orientation at 430. Don't mind coming to HH late if that orientation runs for awhile.
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp*
pfaendtner: I will be running the orientation :slightly_smiling_face: :slightly_smiling_face:
arushi: Did we shift to today?
pfaendtner: I don’t think so
pfaendtner: unless everyone wants to - it is also not good for kayla
arushi: Tomorrow isn't good for her right? Or today too :open_mouth:
pfaendtner: both not good
pfaendtner: busy busy kayla
kayla: :slightly_smiling_face:
wesleybeckner: i wish i had a 7plus because i really want that bunni
coco: You can buy a 7 plus for this case:laughing:
anotherjoshsmith: CUDA ready GPU on the desktop :information_desk_person::skin-tone-3:
wesleybeckner: oh sweet
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: added an integration to this channel: 
pfaendtner: I connected my twitter feed to this slack channel.  weird.
pfaendtner: "Twitter is a social network and microblogging service where users post 140-character messages called "tweets" to their followers."
anotherjoshsmith: haha “tweets” shouldn’t have to be in quotes these days. tweet has been a certified noun since 2012.
kayla: hah
pfaendtner:  
pfaendtner: My cousin Trevor squatting 315 more than my max wesleybeckner 
luizoliveira: Wow. This is really impressive
pfaendtner: my favorite part of the holiday season is the invitation to the dept. christmas party, which contains the words: “you start hollering trade! trade!”
pfaendtner: we just don’t holler enough
kayla: haha
anotherjoshsmith: Are we planning on a B17 remodel this month?? 
anotherjoshsmith: HAPPY BIRTHDAY vjaeger01!!!!
anotherjoshsmith: - kayla
anotherjoshsmith: ….and arushi and @me
pfaendtner: :birthday:
luizoliveira: it would be nice if people answer to that
pfaendtner: trolling while submitting rec letters
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: What makes a book worth 200$ ?
pfaendtner: lol - probably out of print
pfaendtner: I own this book
wesleybeckner: :mindbender:
pfaendtner: :laughing: 
anotherjoshsmith: Who's who?
pfaendtner: I can't count the number of people who dint even know there was a football game today!!
kayla: Goooo huskies!! 
kayla: What a crazy play! 
pfaendtner: ^ I thought you weren’t even going to watch the game!
kayla: Concert was cancelled! Aurora got appendicitis and had to be rushed to the hospital for surgery! :/
coco: <missing_message>
coco: This is incredible
arushi: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Aplomb is a great word to know and use regularly
wesleybeckner: lol how does that look on the 1y scale
coco: The rocketing is more then the past 5 yrs in totall lol....
anotherjoshsmith: #makeUSDgreatagain
coco: happened in 4 hours:expressionless:
pfaendtner: ^ this guy from Georgia Tech wanted me to be on his podcast. I’m too embarrassed to listen to it because I hate the sound of my own voice.  Hopefully the podcast isn’t terrible. Lie to me if it is.
luizoliveira: this is really cool!
arushi: Wow! You introduce yourself to music. Superb entry!
sarahalamdari: sarahalamdari has joined the channel
ldgibson: ldgibson has joined the channel
coco: I miss Boltzmann.......
slackbot: woof!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: This is total click bait. But kind of appropriate given all the talk about the last supper 
luizoliveira: As a Christian, I totally believe he was that strong, maybe even more
luizoliveira: but who cares…
pfaendtner: Yeah he could have been! But the statue strikes me as a funny depiction of strength and interesting commentary on art and the artist.  Even the way the artist wrapped the garment around his waist makes it look like a weightlifter in a locker room coming from shower.
luizoliveira: true haha
anotherjoshsmith: Throwing a hissy fit about your lost eToken then finding it in your backpack :white_check_mark:
kayla: Haha :joy: 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: lmao
pfaendtner: can someone setup Slack so that my Spotify feed plays on all your computers?
luizoliveira: :wink: what are you listening?
pfaendtner: Only Rick Ross all the time
luizoliveira: :squirrel:
wesleybeckner: Hahaha true talk
coco: It's snowing!
arushi: You're still in Benson! :octopus: 
luizoliveira: beautiful!
wesleybeckner: hahaha cute
pfaendtner:  kayla chrisfu anotherjoshsmith
anotherjoshsmith: That's the greatest thing in my life
kayla: God that was stressful! I was clutching the edge of my seat.
kayla: Where on earth is that btw? I will never step foot there in my life.
kayla: So cute!!
pfaendtner: he is stinky and dumb but I love him
kayla: He looks like a life-size stuffed animal
pfaendtner: he acts like it most of the time too :()
kayla: hah
arushi: Jim did you configure your twitter to blast us too?  That's super, lol
luizoliveira: we were talking about recommendation  letters in Europe and in the US
luizoliveira: haha
pfaendtner: arushi: I did link my twitter feed to slack random channel. It is kinda weird tho. 
pfaendtner: anyone want a free cable modem? Motorola SB6121
anotherjoshsmith: I'd love one. Bought another one earlier this year, but I think it's responsible for my wifi cutting out every day
pfaendtner: I’ll bring it on monday
pfaendtner: I will literally put it in my bag right now
pfaendtner: hold on I will verify once it is in my bag
pfaendtner: I hereby confirm the modem is in my bag
anotherjoshsmith: Awesome you're my hero!
pfaendtner: are most people in the group using python 2.7 or 3.5?
anotherjoshsmith: 2.7
pfaendtner: I will stick with it. I fubar’d my notebook installation though :disappointed: :disappointed:
pfaendtner: “In god we trust, all others bring data” - W. Edwards Deming
pfaendtner: would you rather be a wizard or a vampire?
kayla: wizard
kayla: hands down
pfaendtner: :thinking_face:
pfaendtner: I think I pick vampire. would be much better at crossfit
kayla: wizards don't need crossfit. they got wands for everything.
pfaendtner: maybe Dumbledore would still be with us if he wasn’t so slow and weak…
kayla: woww. that hurts.
wesleybeckner: low blow
pfaendtner: By the way I was delighted when I saw the calendar meeting w/you guys next Tuesday.
kayla: :slightly_smiling_face:
luizoliveira: Deciding the syllabus  was a lot of fun too. You will probably share a topic with Wes on Health and Fitness
kayla: haha
pfaendtner: hawks look terrible so far
kayla: Yup
anotherjoshsmith: Russel's having a rough go
pfaendtner: the passing is atrocious
pfaendtner: and that
kayla: wowww
kayla: yeah
pfaendtner: we are about to be down 21 3
pfaendtner: cool
pfaendtner: what. the.
pfaendtner: how many interceptions do you think #3 will finish the day with?
anotherjoshsmith: Maybe sprinkle in a couple fumbles for good measure
pfaendtner: this game is horrible
pfaendtner: THE FATE OF THE FURIOUS
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: 4/17/17 - group outing
anotherjoshsmith: sounds good! i've never missed a vin diesel opening day
pfaendtner: you will be busy next year
pfaendtner: xXx comes out in january
anotherjoshsmith: i've had it marked on my calendar for months
pfaendtner: There are a lot of similarities between PRG and Dominic Toretto’s ‘family’…
pfaendtner: I’ll just add this. One of my finest cinematic achievements was watching F&amp;F 1-6 straight through on a return flight from China. September 2013, I believe.
wesleybeckner: upstairs office is seeking sugar-containing donations
maneki_neko: Consider it done. :cookie: 
slackbot: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: hahahah
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I need some help figuring out how many people are coming Friday?
pfaendtner: also surveying new people
pfaendtner: 7:30 pm our house  - wine dessert holiday party.  no desert
kayla: We have about 10 for a headcount so far
pfaendtner: PRGs only or also sig other
kayla: Still waiting to hear back 
kayla: from a few
kayla: All PRGs
kayla: No sig info yet 
pfaendtner: you are authorized to make it prg only if you want :slightly_smiling_face: but I don’t care if you want to invite spouses or sig figs
pfaendtner: sig fig being a cool way to say sig other
pfaendtner: look at this madness on the menu @ Eastlake Bar and Grille
kayla: I'd like to invite sigs if possible. Ole wants to come! 
anotherjoshsmith: i’m in +0
luizoliveira: I already asked the new people. Kayla is taking it into account. 
luizoliveira: Some of them wanted to now the time. I will tell them.  I m still considering to come. Will confirm today
arushi: I second Kayla
arushi: Open to getting potluck style food also, if that makes it easier :slightly_smiling_face:
pfaendtner: I love all your sigs.  yes of course
kayla: :)
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: Happy Tuesday! 
pfaendtner: we cannot do Friday March 10 - Grad recruiting day for our class
pfaendtner: twitter introduced a new Harambe emoji
pfaendtner: Could we get final count tomorrow by 5pm? Do I need to send a prg email or does everyone know about it?
luizoliveira: I guess everyone know by now. 
luizoliveira: I got the final count from the new PRGs
luizoliveira: Khushmeen, Sarah, Garret and Tai-Yu are going.
anotherjoshsmith: josh is going
kayla: Kayla Ole yeneneh josh Wes Arushi is who I have 
kayla: Haven't heard from coco! 
chrisfu: Chris too
kayla: Hahaha 
kayla: Sorry Chris 
kayla: I meant to write your name 
arushi: Arushi +1 . 
Coco was saying she had plans but will have to confirm
coco: Anyone is driving? I need a lift to Jim's place :cry: 
luizoliveira: I’m still thinking…
coco: And back home:cry:
coco: Or just back home.
kayla: Where do you live coco?
yeneneh: I need a ride too
coco: 1308 N 85th I probably can go with Josh and Wes:laughing:
gdavids3: gdavids3 has joined the channel
daniel: daniel has joined the channel
kejiawu: kejiawu has joined the channel
pfaendtner: cool thanks everyone - hopefully someone can sum all the numbers :slightly_smiling_face: today
pfaendtner: also - I am going to block 9-11 every friday for newbie class.  However, it is likely I will only be there 1st hour to review teaching (and give you feedback later) and then 2nd hour (or part of it) you can discuss HW w/students in whatever format.  For sure they are preparing HW in python notebook
pfaendtner: do we have any spare 1TB USB drives?
pfaendtner: ^ resolved thanks luizoliveira
luizoliveira: :thumbsup_all:
arushi: How did you get the multi colored thumbs up luiz ?
pfaendtner: nobody tell her
pfaendtner: :thumbsup_all:
pfaendtner: she can find out once she finishes grading her exams OK? :thumbsup_all:
anotherjoshsmith: :thumbsup_all: 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
coco: :thumbsup_all:
luizoliveira: haha
pfaendtner: wow my top spotify track for 2016 was Light It Up by Major Lazer
pfaendtner: someone stop me from eating all the junk food!
kayla: I do loveee that song
luizoliveira: Arushi finished her gradings
luizoliveira: :thumbsup_all:
arushi: :thumbsup_all:
coco: :smart2:
wesleybeckner: :facepalm:
coco: :smirk2:
wesleybeckner: :face_with_thermometer: 
kayla: 7 years? Are they implying that's the typical time for a PhD? yikes!
pfaendtner: we will keep you 1.5 years longer
kayla: haha
pfaendtner: Does everyone who is coming like to drink red wine?! If not can someone volunteer an alt beverage? 
kayla: Yes!!
arushi: "It is commonly believed that if a fair coin is tossed many times and the proportion of heads is calculated, that proportion will be close to 0.5. John Kerrich, a South African mathematician, tested this belief empirically while detained as a prisoner during World War II. He tossed a coin 10,000 times and observed 5067 heads"
anotherjoshsmith: Someone must have a stats final tomorrow :joy:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: refs in the tank for the Giants
pfaendtner: Did you guys know you can turn a python notebook into a presentation slide show trivially? Pretty stoked - this will be our new group meeting format for sure!
pfaendtner: New kids toy this Christmas that is all the rage: My Friend Kayla! No joke. 
anotherjoshsmith: We should buy one to ease the group's transition after the real Kayla graduates
pfaendtner: I can buy one for the group 
kayla: Hah! Awesome. Except it's Cayla :wink: close enough
ksakloth: ksakloth has joined the channel
pfaendtner: just made my first real git commit
kayla: R5
arushi: lol, what?
anotherjoshsmith: You sank my battle ship!
anotherjoshsmith: G7
kayla: wow, whoops
kayla: haha
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: here is some solid click bait
pfaendtner:  jim getting no work done today
pfaendtner: ^ NSFW
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ that worked really well
pfaendtner: fwiw it is a great video
pfaendtner: nailed it
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ next year when I'm on sabbatical PRGs gonna be singing. 
luizoliveira: I’ve just watched it and was going to share too
luizoliveira: really touching
kayla: That was neat. 
pfaendtner: anotherjoshsmith my descent into dongle hell is complete: I have now spent over $200 in dongles and adapters , still don't know if I have the right ones
anotherjoshsmith: Darkness has fallen. I'm in $50 for one dongle, sure there's plenty more dongle pain on the horizon 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: the internet is exploding today.  Where are this girl's legs?!?
kayla: Haha that is hilarious
kayla: mind trip
pfaendtner: no seriously
pfaendtner: she has legs - I can confirm it but where are they
arushi: The girl, 2nd from the left, has her legs tucked behind the leftmost girl, I guess. Maybe that’s why the left most girl is sitting somewhat in front.
arushi: PRG, Air China never delivered any of my checked luggage during my flight or in the next day’s flight and there’s little hope :open_mouth: I’m glad I still have my laptop and token, eh?
kayla: Oh no Arushi!! That is super unfortunate :disappointed:  I hope it arrives!
pfaendtner: Hopefully Air China has a nice policy for lost luggage? I took an Air France flight once and they lost my luggage for 2 days, but it was a 2 day conference - they reimbursed me for new clothes I needed to buy
pfaendtner: what is the current group meeting rule w.r.t food?
anotherjoshsmith: Presenter brings food
anotherjoshsmith: I hope you guys plan on moving down soon. It's lonely down here without yeneneh
pfaendtner: ldgibson sarahalamdari should be squatting in there for now - get in there guys!
pfaendtner: there are open desks in there just ask luizoliveira
luizoliveira: We already talked this morning. Luke is going to use Yeneneh old desk and Sarah probably Arushi’s for now
pfaendtner: blake waits until I have all my crappy dongles to show me the best dongle ever :confused:
slackbot: wooh Blake!
anotherjoshsmith: luckily sarahalamdari and i have been stuck in dongle purgatory, so we still have a chance to snag that beauty
pfaendtner: oh shit you guys.  After all the dongles I ordered - I still think I am missing one
pfaendtner: worst adult ever
pfaendtner: nope - i just had a separate pile of dongles elsewhere
wesleybeckner: ldgibson would you mind the nickname gibby gibson?
ldgibson: sounds tempting
wesleybeckner: well if the shoe fits
anotherjoshsmith: if the shoe fits, make lemonade
anotherjoshsmith: proverbial phrases are fun!
pfaendtner: should be just Gibby (after Kirk Gibson fame) or Cool Hand Luke (this could be CHL for short)
anotherjoshsmith: CHL is just as hard to say as cool hand luke, let's stick with the full nickname
kayla: And is the acronym for the chemistry library! 
kayla: Next to benson ;) 
ldgibson: Fond memories of where transport and math classes were taken
kayla: Hah 
pfaendtner: I am willing to buy 2 of these for B17 if people want to rotate and share them.  Consider it for the floor plans you have developed and let me know if interested
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: I vote yes on affordable smart standing desks
kayla: me too
coco: +1
coco: Or we can have a carpentry shop "how to DIY a standing desk" by Josh 
anotherjoshsmith: We'll have to bring in houghb for help on that!
houghb: PRG reunion desk building party?
anotherjoshsmith: That thing's ugly as sin. $20 cardboard!?
coco: :facepalm:
anotherjoshsmith: might as well buy anything else on amazon and fashion your own out of the box
coco: we can make some out of the smart standing desk box..
pfaendtner: Coco gets a cardboard desk going forward
pfaendtner: off to find denny hall!
coco: You are sitting in?
pfaendtner: who is mathew milligan?
pfaendtner: mulligan
anotherjoshsmith: A blocking TE?
pfaendtner: I just got chicken on my new laptop :crying_cat_face:
daniel: hey pfaendtner sarahalamdari did you get any problem with your new macbook pro?
daniel: mine always restarts after sleeps
sarahalamdari: Mines been fine!
pfaendtner: I have so many problems - I hate my new mac :disappointed:
kayla: really? yikes!
daniel: I can’t believe I get this kind of stuff, with an APPLE on it
anotherjoshsmith: pfaendtner daniel pobrecitos :cry:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Can B17 arrange a shot-by-shot remake of this Elijah Wood classic?
anotherjoshsmith: Only if I can be the green guy!
anotherjoshsmith: Anyone else think Putin ordered hackers to hit UW wifi and delay cutting edge PRG research progress?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: My expectations for what I send tomorrow...
luizoliveira: I have seem a similar table on "All of Statistics: A Concise Course in Statistical Inference”
pfaendtner: apparently a random homeless man w/o clothing was on my porch last night trying to enter our home while I was sound asleep.  Great job Boltzmann
slackbot: woof!
kayla: Oh god!! Scary!
pfaendtner: meh - I could have handled him
wesleybeckner: :mindbender:
anotherjoshsmith: Moving date:

:one: Sunday morning
:two: Monday morning (MLK day)
:three: Next weekend
anotherjoshsmith:  Please vote for what time works best.
pfaendtner: diagnostics on my new car - you can see the state of charge on the battery
pfaendtner: lyt·ic
ˈlidik/
adjectiveBIOLOGY
relating to or causing lysis.
"the lytic activity of bile acids”
anotherjoshsmith
anotherjoshsmith: Glad I'm not crazy haha
pfaendtner: lets not get carried away
kayla: Haha good to know! Especially considering it is  in the title of my paper ;) 
kayla: Nice guess Josh 
pfaendtner: new news about trump - not even fit to print in slack :shower:
pfaendtner: what is that?
anotherjoshsmith: Something growing in the water fountain :seedling: 
pfaendtner: no big deal - y not taste it ?
anotherjoshsmith: Unfortunately I brought my own veggies today, otherwise I'd totally give it a shot
ldgibson: I guess the basement is habitable
sarahalamdari: #sustainability
anotherjoshsmith: Flat Stick Pub for happy hour? It's only a block from pioneer square light rail station
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp*
houghb: Flat Stick is cool, we did happy hour there for work a couple months ago
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp*
houghb: play the giant jenga set if you go
pfaendtner: blerg - home depot doesn’t open until 8 on sunday
pfaendtner: booooooo
pfaendtner: mebbe I will go buy the supplies on saturday.  I need color samples ya’ll
pfaendtner: which color do we like light or dark gray ?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: I like dark. It’s more dramatic
pfaendtner: I like the dark better as a color but r u worried it will make it kinda drab in there
anotherjoshsmith: I was actually already looking up pictures of rooms with dark walls earlier because I knew we’d have to make this choice haha
anotherjoshsmith: Didn’t really come to a conclusion
pfaendtner: kayla what do you think
anotherjoshsmith: The purple won’t really pop on Dark gray though
kayla: i like light gray
kayla: dark gray would make the whole room seem really dark, I think
kayla: AND, agree with Josh, the purple would pop more on the light gray :slightly_smiling_face:
anotherjoshsmith: Not if we keep the lighting we have now
anotherjoshsmith: It’s super bright
anotherjoshsmith: Also… not sure there’s a way to effectively paint a stripe and base coat simultaneously
pfaendtner: hmmmmmmmm
pfaendtner: maybe we skip the purple?
kayla: noooo
pfaendtner: lol
kayla: that’s the best part!
pfaendtner: is someone going to come back and do it on monday ?
kayla: plain gray would defs be drab
pfaendtner: I’ll get the supplies and we can get it done :slightly_smiling_face:
kayla: cool!
pfaendtner: just popped on my facebook feed
pfaendtner: not posted by me
pfaendtner: all the massive facebook fighting after the election had died down but it seems like it is starting up again
pfaendtner: we should start using a PRG private GitHub repository for our papers
pfaendtner: thougths?
luizoliveira: and switch to Latex?
pfaendtner: not a chance
pfaendtner: LaTeX is banned
luizoliveira: it was worth a try. I learned to work with Word, it’s not too bad actually
slackbot: Do, or do not. There is no try.
pfaendtner: :wink: you will see the light when you start writing proposals w/other faculty
luizoliveira: your idea is to keep the draft paper on github while we are writing, and collaborate from there?
pfaendtner: we can have a github repository that is like “Luiz’s papers” . Then when you are ready for me to edit I can pull changes, edit , comment, and push changes
pfaendtner: we have a record of all changes and don’t have to email back and forth
pfaendtner: and we can always go back to old versions
pfaendtner: just an idea
luizoliveira: this is a great idea. I have done that using a website called overleaf, it only supports Latex I guess though. But with github with should have everything.
anotherjoshsmith: I like the idea also
pfaendtner: we can also check-in key data files and python notebooks used for doing analysis that is used in generating figures and tables
pfaendtner: will support reproducible research
pfaendtner: _at least within the group_
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: "or slowly coming to the realization that The OA is a boring show" I actually liked the OA
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ #swolebattical goals
anotherjoshsmith: i remember when my abs looked like that...
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: check out this kickstarteR!
pfaendtner: what time are we meeting sunday morning?
pfaendtner: I am going to get supplies tmrw so we are good to go
wesleybeckner: 8?
anotherjoshsmith: 8
wesleybeckner: 8 is gr8
pfaendtner: 8 am it is. I am getting the paint now and have the supplies
pfaendtner: I will likely arrive around 7:58 am or even 7:56
pfaendtner: check out this drama headshot nance took of me yesterday
pfaendtner: she was like “wow. you look homeless”.   just want to _not_ thank any of you for pointing this out. kayla ‘s mom probably thinks her boss is living on the streets.
luizoliveira: can you do handstand push ups?
wesleybeckner: Lol luizoliveira 
pfaendtner: I can do a few - there two ways to do them - strictly so your legs don’t bend at all or what is known as a “kipping HSPU” where you contract into a tripod and explode up.  Both movements begin and end as shown in the picture (full extension).  The strict is essentially an arm/upper body strength motion. You can HSPU with the kip with _much_ less strength but _much_ more coordination is required. Just youtube search for strict or kipping variation
luizoliveira: watching youtube videos on workout ( to learn how to pull up) this handstand push up appeared and I had the impression that it is something really difficult.
pfaendtner: It took me 9 months of additional training sessions (2-3x/week) in addition to 5x crossfit/week in order to do 1 strict HSPU because I did not have the upper body strength and I weighed too much.
pfaendtner: If you are using the wall to balance your legs it removes some of the vertical force you must displace w/your arms.  When I did my 1st strict HSPU I weighed around 200-205 lb and I was able to strict press around 165 and bench press around 200 lb.  If you only bench press though, you won’t develop the right muscles to do a strict HSPU. Best to strict press but you can do a lot of dumbell work too
pfaendtner: I can give you the training plan I used if you want
pfaendtner: My friend joined the gym and he weighs around 165 and bench pressed a lot and was doing them almost immediately - so it really depends on how much you weigh. I am pretty heavy and comparatively weak for my weight so it took me a lot longer
luizoliveira: I’m still struggling to do with pull ups… Once I get over them and loss more weight  I’m definitely going to try this.
slackbot: Do, or do not. There is no try.
pfaendtner: do you have resistance bands for training pull ups? can help a lot. I have some you can borrow if you want. When I started I could not do any pull ups even with bands - so it is not train w/those if you have them
luizoliveira: just learned what that they there. It seems to be really helpful. Yeah, I’d like to try them. Thanks!
slackbot: Do, or do not. There is no try.
pfaendtner: :thumbsup::skin-tone-4:
pfaendtner: I created  so we can keep the random channel actually random
pfaendtner: ^ just a really great action figure of Dr. Mindbender
pfaendtner: anotherjoshsmith kayla how ya feeling? D needs to get a stop on ATL opening driv 
kayla: I mean. Not bad against the #1 offense in the league. 
kayla: But yes, time to step it up! 
pfaendtner: I'm stressed. This can't be our last game 
kayla: Noooo shead! 
pfaendtner: Double no for Bennett 
kayla: Seriously. Hopefully just a cramp. 
anotherjoshsmith: Yikes that might do it
pfaendtner: Looks like PRG football fans will have a lot more time to work on research after today :cry: 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: we need this for our 2017 paper count
pfaendtner: there are a lot of slack apps - we need to improve our game
pfaendtner: Just saw La La Land - pretty good and PRG should consider a shot-by-shot remake
pfaendtner: that means you are using it a lot.  good job!
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: Someone should go to this
pfaendtner: I often daydream about being recruited for clandestine service and placed in Pakistan or Iran as a ChemE faculty
arushi: 
They are making this a 1 credit course at UW. Should be fun to register. Some great reading material
anotherjoshsmith: 10 points to Gryffindor for arushi link
gdavids3: Those disclaimers at the bottom are hilarious:joy:
wesleybeckner: :harry:
pfaendtner: jevin west is awesome! I think I have played poker with him
pfaendtner: updates from dongle hell:  the shitty 3rd party dongles I bought are not properly shielded.  Causing the new LG 5K ultrafine monitor to flicker
pfaendtner: just when you thought you escaped dongle hell - it pulls you right back in again
pfaendtner: that is a Godfather reference for you noobs
ivancjr: ivancjr has joined the channel
anotherjoshsmith: Jiang Lab group meeting update: 2 hours in and going strong
wesleybeckner:  kayla didn't know what a Narwhal was
luizoliveira: I’ve just learned too
kayla: haha
kayla: fake dolphins
anotherjoshsmith: HAVEN'T YOU GUYS SEEN ELF!?
ldgibson: I must admit, I legit thought they were mythical creatures up until this past Christmas
pfaendtner: Jill’s life dream is to see a Narwhal - she is obsessed
pfaendtner: I would like to taste one
pfaendtner: my new monitor won’t work w/my macbook anymore.  cool.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: :heart: michelle!
luizoliveira: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: haha
pfaendtner: oh cool
luizoliveira: God bless America!!!
pfaendtner: man he loses a lot of his 140 characters w/the official POTUS notification @ the end
pfaendtner: what do you think Ryan and McConnell are thinking here
luizoliveira: “I’m in love”
anotherjoshsmith: mitch mcconnel looks troubled and ryan is imagining an alternate universe where he's being sworn in
pfaendtner: pry much the same level of enthusiasm for Obama and Trump
anotherjoshsmith: That's beautiful
anotherjoshsmith: And unsettling
anotherjoshsmith: And sad :trump:
pfaendtner: oh FFS
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: :angry: :trump: :angry:
anotherjoshsmith: "Burdensome regulations" lawlz
anotherjoshsmith: "human-species preserving regulations" might be a fairer assessment
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: srsly
pfaendtner: you guys!!!
kayla: wowwww
pfaendtner: I am open to bringing Boltzmann to B17 for 1-2 days/week as long as you guys are OK having him there and can keep up your research productivity
slackbot: woof!
pfaendtner: but maybe too distracting
kayla: I'd like that! My vote is yes. 
anotherjoshsmith: woof!
maneki_neko: :dog:!
luizoliveira: B17  looks gorgeous
pfaendtner: picture or it dint happen
luizoliveira: I let Kayla or Arushi do that. After have shared the office with Kayla for more than a year, I have never seen her as happy as she was today.
pfaendtner: hah
anotherjoshsmith: Coffee makes everything okay
anotherjoshsmith: :heart_eyes:
pfaendtner: we could eat pancakes off that spot!!
pfaendtner: make sure you have read up on #alternativefacts - this will be gold for our group meetings
anotherjoshsmith: Haha so ridiculous :joy:
anotherjoshsmith: Gravity keeps us grounded.... alternatively, the atmosphere is too heavy for us to get off the ground.
gdavids3: 
Free chips and guac
pfaendtner: ^ lol what is that
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I got this ^ for my birthday and don’t want it.  Any takers in the group?  I could hold _a lot_ of protein ( wesleybeckner  sarahalamdari )
anotherjoshsmith: I want it so bad Yeti rocks
pfaendtner: anotherjoshsmith ftw
anotherjoshsmith: Ahhh thanks :pray::skin-tone-3: 
wesleybeckner: Josh already bought a double pack of insulated thermoses from Coscto and he won't share one with me
wesleybeckner: #domesticdisputes
anotherjoshsmith: I gave one of those away...
arushi: "as of May 2013, the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) lists caffeine withdrawal as a mental health disorder" :fearful: :scream: 
luizoliveira: haha
luizoliveira: no
anotherjoshsmith: Conclusion: never decrease coffee consumption 
wesleybeckner: I've had 3 cups of coffee since nYE
wesleybeckner: I probably have a mental disorder
pfaendtner: I’ve had 3 cups of coffee since 5 am
anotherjoshsmith: I have 3 cups of coffee in my new Yeti rambler right now
pfaendtner: I am in Canada and safe... for now... it is a strange land with strange customs.  Although Canadians are generally know as a simple people fond of syrup drinking and smelling of fresh roasted meats, I am concerned something is afoot and they may try to snatch me as in the movie Taken 2 and send back a body double. In order to find out if it is really me on Friday morning make sure to ask whoever shows up what the password is... 
slackbot: Do, or do not. There is no try.
wesleybeckner: LOL
daniel: fire warning through whole building at my live place
daniel: guess what 
daniel: i quickly brought some important stuffs and got downstairs 
daniel: and this is one of them
kayla: PRG through and through! That's awesome :) 
coco: What is the password :thinking_face:
pfaendtner: what is the funniest video you have ever seen on YouTube?
nikita.grover: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: that sounds just like prof nance when she talks about chipotle
pfaendtner: wesleybeckner w/o looking do you know the macros of double chicken burrito bowl, no beans, some cheese, no sour cream?
wesleybeckner: 400 cal 40g protein maybe?
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: u have much to learn Chicken Padawan
wesleybeckner: LOL chipotle has a calculator no need to memorize
anotherjoshsmith: why no beans?
anotherjoshsmith: that's madness
wesleybeckner: i usually sub the rice for extra beans :open_mouth:
wesleybeckner: jk i usually sub the rice for the patron margarita
pfaendtner: 670 / 37c/27f/74p
pfaendtner: you can have beans or rice, not both
pfaendtner: too many carbs
anotherjoshsmith: like as if there weren't enough pain and suffering in the world, now people are forcing themselves to eat burrito bowls without beans!?
pfaendtner: beans add 120 cal and 22/1/7 (c/f/p) &lt;- totes not worth it
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: Is this real :(
kejiawu: this bar has a party for dogs!
kejiawu: <missing_message>
kayla: That's awesome! Where is it? 
kejiawu: lake city actually:laughing:
pfaendtner: Hah!  Looks pry fun 
pfaendtner: Argh.  I hate people 
pfaendtner: ^ 1st comment was to kejia. Second comment was to arushi 
kejiawu: bring boltzman here!
arushi: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
coco: With trump’s new policies I don’t know if I should go home this summer...
coco: Visa could be more difficult
pfaendtner: UW will have advice on this at the international office
pfaendtner: But we can discuss at our next meeting as well
coco: Yes~ and about why my simulation is not working T _ T
coco: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
coco: wesleybeckner  After eating so many chicken probably you can write a paper too
pfaendtner: that guy is from UW!
coco: Yes:joy:
pfaendtner: this is messed up: 
kayla: seriously! what is the world coming too.
kayla: A comment on that thread said the organizers told people to “bring bricks”...
kayla: Probably not true, but scary nontheless
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: did someone take my cliff bar during group meeting? :cry:
pfaendtner: not me
wesleybeckner: whadda mystery
wesleybeckner: whats a panini
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
coco: :smirk2:
wesleybeckner: :cry:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: #dataforevil
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: pretty stoked there is going to be a march for science on earth day!
wesleybeckner: about adulting 
pfaendtner: what if we have a requirement that at least 1 time / month you have to spend 90 minutes rooting around in the source code of a program you use (GROMACS, AMBER, CP2K, PLUMED).  Then we have a 2 hr meeting at the end of the month and people report back what they are learning
pfaendtner: I think it could be a good way to learn “whats under the hood” and force us to make the black box less black
pfaendtner: what do you guys think?
pfaendtner: Cool - someone (not Luiz - he already does a lot) needs to be the champion of this activity. We can discuss @ group meeting, maybe should be optional
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: You an Luke should do this during your phd 
sarahalamdari: the neon green comic sans will be making an appearance
ldgibson: most of my slides will have opaque faces from the cast of friends
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
kejiawu: oops what’s that!
wesleybeckner: omg only the best thing on the planet. like 2 degrees above peanutbutter
anotherjoshsmith: I bleed Nutella 
wesleybeckner: how have you not heard of this
wesleybeckner: your life will forever be defined as before nutela and then life
wesleybeckner: there are so many possibilities with nutella but my favorite way is on a lazy boy with a spoon and a whiskey, neat
kejiawu: :facepalm:
pfaendtner: I do not like nutella :confused:
pfaendtner: it is kinda like ‘gross european peanut butter’
arushi: Who has time for a spoon ? 
kejiawu: turn it into an interactive map!
pfaendtner: jill made homemade nutella at chrismas time
pfaendtner: it is easy and way less sugar
pfaendtner: Trying to find the right K-Pop beats to edit Kayla’s fellowship application.  Struggling to find the right music :last_quarter_moon_with_face:
slackbot: 10 points for gryffindor!
kayla: K-pop?
pfaendtner: Korean Pop
pfaendtner: not Kayla Pop
slackbot: 10 points for gryffindor!
kayla: haha
kayla: did someone make me a harry potter slackbot?!
kayla: nice
pfaendtner: someone added a custom response so typing your name makes that happen
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: did you guys hear about this update? the shooter on campus was a student
pfaendtner: When does the super bowl start?
kayla: Whaaat
ldgibson: Sometime tomorrow 
pfaendtner: I'm watching with pats fans 
kayla: They must be upset. This is quite the blow-out.
pfaendtner: ^ they *were* upset
arushi: :snowflake: :snowflake: 
maneki_neko: This bushes come up to my shoulder without snow. :sweat_smile: 
pfaendtner: wow!!!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: interesting read.  good thing global warming is a hoax.
coco: Anyone saw my magical keyboard cleaner?~
pfaendtner: wes probably took it
sarahalamdari: I think it's in here, coco!  unless this is a different magical cleaner
slackbot: coo coo for cocoa puffs!!!
pfaendtner: Here is the new answer to any question you have
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: this is just the short version , the full version is on youtube
pfaendtner: hell naw here it is
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Here is a perfect use of that song.  This is Jill’s arm when we were in Bali
wesleybeckner: I started drinking coffee again this month. It's like I've rediscovered love
wesleybeckner: :coffee: :heart:
pfaendtner: if someone told me I had to quit coffee there would only be one response:  
coco: :facepalm:
pfaendtner: ^ ldgibson sarahalamdari  this will be used bigly during your prelim
coco: BGM for the prelim
pfaendtner: What is BGM?
coco: Back ground music
pfaendtner: lol
coco: :relieved:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
kayla: Is that Atticus?!
kayla: His tail...
pfaendtner: its not Boltzmann :slightly_smiling_face: they call this the lion cut :slightly_smiling_face: his head , tail poof and feet are all longer then rest is shaved - he looks like a lil’ bighead monster it is hilarious
slackbot: woof!
pfaendtner: do you guys like the new katy perry track?
kayla: What's it called? 
pfaendtner: Chained To the Rhythm
pfaendtner: I like it, Jill is on the fence
kayla: Huh. Don't think I've heard it! 
maneki_neko: I don't listen to Katy Perry :sweat: I dunno
maneki_neko: Atticus looks cute :no_mouth:
kejiawu: guys I got a fever this morning lol. seems like flu. I'm not sure if I can come to campus today... really sorry for that.
arushi: Take care kejiawu 
arushi: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: I am also not doing so well this morning, sorry guys :( 
ldgibson: I'm also not feeling well, I hoped to be better before today, maybe tomorrow though :/
anotherjoshsmith: Sounds like we need a couple liters of DayQuil in the basement
sarahalamdari: I mean there's some in my desk if anyone needs it :joy:
pfaendtner: Jill has it too - this winter’s flu and cold season has been brutal
wesleybeckner: amen. I don't remember a year like this. Is it 1918?
maneki_neko: I haven't gotten sick yet. :+1: Get better everyone. &gt;o&lt;
slackbot: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Haha first comment on the article: "The hero America needs, not the one we deserve."
wesleybeckner: These cookies are fire
slackbot: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: kayla 
pfaendtner: Highly recommend Bad Ben (free on Amazon Prime) 
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: lol AMD hype machine in full effect
kayla: haha for valentine’s day!
pfaendtner: my office is &gt; 90 degrees according to Kameron
pfaendtner: great
arushi: 

What would this mean
pfaendtner: great question - nobody knows
pfaendtner: for ChemE probably not much...
pfaendtner: My guess is each funded grant will have to have an additional writeup by the PI explaining why “it is in the national interest” and it will all go on a website somewhere to make the GOP feel proud
pfaendtner: I am about to bring the thunder to DSMCER
anotherjoshsmith: Anyone know what time it is?
anotherjoshsmith: Guys.... a little help
anotherjoshsmith: What time is it?
slackbot: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Just as I suspected. Thanks slackbot!
wesleybeckner: :dancingbanana:
wesleybeckner: omg
wesleybeckner: :sohappy:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: When someone convinces you that you are on a candid camera prank show, but then you instead assassinate the brother of North Korea’s leader
pfaendtner: :facepalm:
wesleybeckner: I've been in an apt-get black hole for two days now 
pfaendtner: what are you trying to install/
wesleybeckner: opencv
wesleybeckner: got it on the macbook no problem but linux is missing a lot of dependencies, that are missing dependensies, that are missing dependencies, further and further until you end up on the other side at a tea party with the mad hatter and his fuzzy bunny friend wondering who's birthday it is
luizoliveira: do you use Synaptic?
luizoliveira: or directly in the command line
pfaendtner: Shaggy drops a new track on Friday afternoon got me all :grinning::sweat_smile: finding out it is feat Omi... :unamused::fearful::face_with_head_bandage:
pfaendtner: The track is Seasons. Has a lot of truth for grad students. Still totally terrible hook. 
pfaendtner:  And..... I just saw an Uber drive into the area right next to the fountain 
coco: <missing_message>
coco: pfaendtner That’s how kids spell sick!
arushi: 


luizoliveira  features in PhD comics !!
wesleybeckner: Reading phdcomics on a Friday night. Roosh is on fire. 
pfaendtner: Did you know that MIA Paper Planes sampled the riff from Straight To Hell by The Clash? They are a delight to listen to back to back
coco: Love this poster 
pfaendtner: this is going to be harder than I thought!
anotherjoshsmith: Did you settle on a title?
pfaendtner: not yet sarahalamdari said she would work on it :confused:
sarahalamdari: I dropped everything I'm working on to brainstorm
anotherjoshsmith: I think Gains and Tone: Swolebbatical is coming
anotherjoshsmith: You could also drop the initial rhyme with game and focus all your energy on the Thrones rhyme....
anotherjoshsmith: with the accompanying swolebbatical slogan, the connection will be strong enough for some wry chuckles
pfaendtner: take _cross_ validation combined with Kayla’s “Experimental *Fit* ness Function”  -what do you get?
arushi: Hmm... That's tricky ! 
daniel: did any one do the same thing? haha
daniel: I am so lazy
daniel: I put it in my .bash
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: wow!!!
anotherjoshsmith: :joy:
pfaendtner: ^ posted this on FB so many of my aunts think it is real
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Brace yourselves
anotherjoshsmith: wesleybeckner peep the RTJ song!
pfaendtner: anyone got some chicken to eat downstairs?! wesleybeckner
wesleybeckner: haha you're too late, finished mine for the day!
sarahalamdari: im also fresh out
sarahalamdari: I do have an apple
pfaendtner: *NOT FUNNY ALAMDARI*
sarahalamdari: ~ protein infused ~
pfaendtner: that apple better have grown inside a chicken
pfaendtner: :cry:
pfaendtner: I was watching Planet Earth 2 and this evil bird snuck into another birds nest and pecked open one of the eggs to eat all the protein and I was like :simple_smile: _chicken eatin’ chicken, makin’ more chicken_
pfaendtner: Then it was kinda sad because the mom bird didn’t know what to do with the broken egg and I was like :cry:
pfaendtner: So in short, Planet Earth 2 plays with your emotions and brings a lot of highs and lows
anotherjoshsmith: When did they discover the 2nd planet earth and how did I not hear about it?
pfaendtner: A wiseacre in every crowd
pfaendtner: is :zipper_mouth_face: something from Saw III ?
pfaendtner: This fist pump is worthy of jersey shore
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: always a good way to start your day 
pfaendtner: ^ is this in response to the state of the union address?
anotherjoshsmith: HAHAHA play believe and watch the fist pump!
wesleybeckner: omg don't bring me down it's not even noon yet...
pfaendtner: ugh - tried to post a giphy of wolverine slicing salami and it was just the screen shot
pfaendtner: talk about a failure of a day
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: oops that was for fitness and nutrition
kellythornton: kellythornton has joined the channel
pfaendtner: OMG pitbull dropped a new track today
ksakloth: whats it called?
pfaendtner: Options
pfaendtner: "An Introduction to the Bootstrap” —&gt; I really want a clean pdf of this book Tibshirani
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: happy friday :tada:
wesleybeckner: :dancingbanana:
pfaendtner: in case you wanna know where Boltzmann pooped today
slackbot: woof!
kayla: sad boltzmann didn’t poop closer to campus…at the de-stress with dogs event!
slackbot: woof!
kayla: we missed him there!
maneki_neko: I'm so confused why you have a poop tracker for Boltzmann
slackbot: woof!
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: this is among the filthiest and laziest 1-liners I have ever written  #proud
arushi: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
coco: We quantum computing are commercialized… md will be very powerful
pfaendtner: Any PRGs want to challenge me in this?
pfaendtner: It starts tomorrow - we need to get brackets filled out before then
pfaendtner: I’ll go ahead and print one for Josh because I know he’s in
anotherjoshsmith: You know me too well!
pfaendtner: does everyone agree w/9:30 AM Tuesday for Spring Q group meeting?
pfaendtner:   please me and luizoliveira know asap if this conflicts w/your classes
kayla: Yep 
maneki_neko: No. :crying_cat_face:
luizoliveira: My apologies, as we are not in the position at this time to donate 3D printers.
luizoliveira: pfaendtner Do you still troll your neighbors?
arushi: Yes for 930
arushi: Even for 9
pfaendtner: I troll everyone. 
pfaendtner: coco : do you want to attend group meeting spring quarter? I may need you to lead the "determine group meeting time working group" 
slackbot: coo coo for cocoa puffs!!!
coco: :sweat_smile::sweat_smile::sweat_smile:
pfaendtner: I am BLASTING Hip Hop BBQ station on my Beats headphones.  I wonder if Venkat can hear it in his office
anotherjoshsmith: He can only hear you if he's not bumping the same thing twice as loud in his sennheiser momentums
anotherjoshsmith: Seems unlikely
pfaendtner: I thought I heard that Lil’ Yachty
pfaendtner: was not sure if it was Venkat or the Ghost of Benson Hall
anotherjoshsmith: You know he's rollin up that broccoli every weekend
pfaendtner: where u think I learned to blaze
anotherjoshsmith: Haha he's probably furiously pumping out proposals for that weed grant as we speak
pfaendtner: _in which Gym compromises swolebattical with questionable chatter on _
wesleybeckner: in honor of international women's day here's a Jhene Aiko cover of a Tupac's Keep ya head up 
pfaendtner: do 100 burpees - you will warm up
arushi: laptop selfie?
luizoliveira: yes
kayla: It’ll probably be freezing in B17 too when we all show up tomorrow, since Jim purposefully screwed up the thermostat today...:rage:
arushi: And on international women’s day!

This Nature papers says women cannot work in cold offices 
pfaendtner: It was not on purpose!! :panda_face: 
ldgibson: anyone in B17 want some fries?
anotherjoshsmith: yup
pfaendtner: Hauschka is going to the Bills! What!!!
pfaendtner: actually good riddance - he cost us bigly this season
kayla: No way!!!!!!
kayla: That's nuts, I will miss him, though he did have rough season. 
anotherjoshsmith: Thank science, he was miserable all year
anotherjoshsmith: I think most teams would have cut him mid season
pfaendtner: Could a grad or undergrad from the group grab monitor box outside my office and recycle it 
pfaendtner: Thank!!!
anotherjoshsmith: Any chance we can see a list of names for the recruits so it seems like we didn't forget them after the second pitcher at college inn pub? pfaendtner
ldgibson: and Ciana Lopez
sarahalamdari: wait why is she not on that list haha, concerning...
luizoliveira: what are the colors for?
anotherjoshsmith: Sweet thanks!
anotherjoshsmith: Do you have schools too? sarahalamdari
pfaendtner: these kids are amaze - I hope they all join PRG!
sarahalamdari: They def are! I know Nicole is interested
anotherjoshsmith: sarahalamdari Ahhhh you're my hero! hehe we're gonna seem so cool remembering all the names
sarahalamdari: :dancingbanana:
pfaendtner: _The Fate Of The Furious_ comes out pry soon maybe today.  Pry much a shot by shot remake of life in our group
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: May your research today be as satisfying as this guys ice cream
wesleybeckner: lol 00:29
pfaendtner: whoever did that box for me - you are a hero!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: DID HE FINISH ALL 50 EGGS!?
pfaendtner: Watch tge@movie. It's a classic 
luizoliveira: APS journals are starting  to be less gender biased
luizoliveira: in the past it was only Einstein one should choose
pfaendtner: how can we make benson even colder
pfaendtner: I am sweating like crazy it is so warm up here
arushi: I cannnnnt  :snowflake:  :snowflake:  :snowflake:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: kayla , anotherjoshsmith ^^ ‘hawks just blew 7 million in cap space on a has-been OT
tunyia2: If you are still looking for a way to include cannabinoid research with MD here's a cannabis spray that helps kids with epilepsy 
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: Jim asked about funniest youtube videos earlier. I don't remember what I posted but I rescind and resubmit
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: very impressss!
pfaendtner: so cool!!! Can we see if it works on someone’s biceps? :muscle::skin-tone-4:
coco: Wow that's a really cool pic for poster!
coco: Goodenough has office hour for 9*5🤣🤣
pfaendtner: that’s amazing, are you stopping by to see him?
coco: It was weekends :weary:and he was not in office 
wesleybeckner: oh man any LOTR fans out there???? 
coco: Today at bus stop a woman told me she was very hungry and asked me to help her out. I happened to have my dinner in my hand so I said :" I can share some chips." But she said a loud "NO" and left.. can't believe how picky people are nowadays :thinking_face:
coco: :thinking_face::thinking_face::thinking_face:
ldgibson: I once had a homeless man give me a quarter pounder while at McDonald's cuz someone gave it to him, but he was vegetarian 
kejiawu: She may want ketchup also
kejiawu: from coco import ketchup
slackbot: coo coo for cocoa puffs!!!
coco: Hahahaha
coco: ldgibson why I didn't met such a kind homeless person 
coco: :fries:feeling sorry for my chips ..they are not bad 
anotherjoshsmith:  ldgibson did you eat it?
ldgibson: Of course, I couldn't let it go to waste after a situation like that
luizoliveira: a guy in the bus asked me for money some weeks ago. I said I didn't have any but I gave him a cereal bar, he was very surprised and after carefully read the nutritional information gave me it back and said he was really sorry but he couldn't eat it
pfaendtner: Lookin @ these signs in Denmark - can anyone help me figure out what “_Toiletter_” means? It is always next to a sign of a man and a woman. #confsued
pfaendtner: which puppet is creepier
arushi: WHY
pfaendtner: What is scarier , scary clowns or scary puppets? And do you guys want to have a monthly event, first friday of every month where we watch the scariest movie we have ever seen?
pfaendtner: we could call it _PRG TERROR_
kayla: NO
kayla: NEVER
pfaendtner: Kayla you have to face your fears to overcome them
pfaendtner: thanks for helping me kill time at the airport, guys
pfaendtner: my flight boards soon
kayla: have a good flight!!
pfaendtner: I’m going to share with you the best outcome of my time in Denmark: This picture is from the hotel wall near the elevator in the hotel I just checked out of
pfaendtner: does that guy in the center remind you of anyone?
wesleybeckner: kayla kayla 
pfaendtner: we all need a prayer candle to get ready for PRG TERROR
luizoliveira: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: kayla , arushi - I found them at Swansons nursery!!!
pfaendtner: We should get each PRG one for their desk and to cuddle during PRG TERROR
arushi: Okay then. Never going to visit that nursery ! 
arushi: Does someone grow coriander in their gardens ? 
houghb: arushi, we’ve grown coriander (aka cilantro), but don’t have any in our garden at the moment
houghb: also, don’t stay away from Swansons, Jim managed to find the worst thing there to take a photo of but it is awesome if you like plants :slightly_smiling_face:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: "the illuminati is real, and it's everywhere"
wesleybeckner: I cut my lip and now I'm bleeding into my yogurt :face_with_rolling_eyes:
anotherjoshsmith: Yum
pfaendtner: more protein
anotherjoshsmith: HSA fasho
kayla: so cute
wesleybeckner: why's his mouth red. did he cut his lip?
pfaendtner: panda blood
pfaendtner: How do we feel about Ed Sheeran.  (we = the whole group)
anotherjoshsmith: Enamored 
kayla: Mixed. Love his hobbit “I see fire” song, not a huge fan of his new song
kayla: “Shape of you”
pfaendtner: he is a hobbit?
kayla: a bit whiny
kayla: haha
kayla: the hobbit movie!
kayla: about mountains and dragons? i think the song was written for it
pfaendtner: sounds like real nerd fare :nerd_face:
pfaendtner: speaking of, Sanderson has finished Book 3
pfaendtner: So would Ed Sheeran’s song be considered filk?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
kayla: Wow, yes, I think so.
kayla: So excited about book 3!!!
pfaendtner: LOL every picture of someone singing or playing filk looks like a generic white person living in Greenlake!
kayla: that is just bizarre
anotherjoshsmith: I'm a generic white person living in Greenlake...
pfaendtner: Bizarre? or beautiful
anotherjoshsmith: Heat transfer coefficients can take a long walk off a short pier.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Josh been reading up on The New Heat Transfer
anotherjoshsmith: Eugene's a true revolutionary
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I assume you guys are watching this video
anotherjoshsmith: Furiously scratching down notes, too
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Russian version of TNE
pfaendtner: Here is a nice story about how Eugene tried to publish a journal article
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: A truly mind-boggling rejection!
pfaendtner: I just connected to him on Linked In
pfaendtner: Suzalo cafe is closed until september
wesleybeckner: when your code was working and now it doesn work
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: if only there were windows in our office
sarahalamdari: This is why they put computational people in the basement
maneki_neko: So this is why our research group was moved to the basement. Smart move on the chemE department's side.
maneki_neko: :joy: :joy: :joy: 
wesleybeckner: that and so that we forget there's no sun in Seattle and we simply resign ourselves to live in the darkness
pfaendtner: How do you guys feel about the song 40 Watt by ELEL
maneki_neko: I didn't know that song existed. :thinking_face: 
wesleybeckner: for those of you trying to understand my culture 
pfaendtner: You know when you get an email from AIChE that says *Fwd: Fun Thermodynamics Session* you are in for trouble.  I should try and match these folk up with the new engineering
slackbot: Do, or do not. There is no try.
pfaendtner: Wrong, slackbot, The third option is to delete this custom response
anotherjoshsmith: technically that's a do
pfaendtner: :facepalm:
coco: any chance anyone wants a wood desk for free?
maneki_neko: I would like it but I'm not sure how I would transport it.
pfaendtner: could check out the app “Dolly”
coco: now after I moved jim tells me there's an app :cry:
maneki_neko: LOL
chrisfu: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: What a baller!
wesleybeckner: :crystal_ball: er
arushi: :soccer: er
kayla: Haha thanks guys :) 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: omg my whole life I thought sigourney weaver was susan sarandon
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: tbt
wesleybeckner: coco  
sarahalamdari: This made me lol 
pfaendtner: When it is 5:53 pm and u the only PRG on slack ;)
pfaendtner: Jk just saw AJS
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Happy friday, nerds
luizoliveira: Apollo Creed did a good job in this movie
arushi: lol, what
arushi: aren’t you legally supposed to put “cigarette smoking is injurious to health” when you’re campaigning for Big Tobacco like that?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Just a video of the 'tubbies dancing to Ed Sheeran
pfaendtner: full blast of Pitbull on my Dre Beats headphones, what are the odds Venkat can hear this through the wall?
pfaendtner: David Chandler died today - terrible loss for science
arushi: omg !!
pfaendtner: Chris is gone for the wknd and he left a Dennis size hole in our hearts :confused:
wesleybeckner: what a menace
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: y'all remember this little ditty?
pfaendtner: Tensorflow is on mox! someone frmo the group need to learn it!
coco: I was planning to introduce tensorflow in group meeting next week…..
coco: But I have not learnt it yet!
coco: What should I do…
coco: I am considering getting a pizza…. = =
wesleybeckner: can u bring me back a slice?
wesleybeckner: something's got me SOOOO hungry
coco: :splits: :splits:
wesleybeckner: :pizza:
anotherjoshsmith: 2 slices for me :tada:
coco: :pizza:
coco: I will walk in.. grab a box and ruuuunnnn
daniel: i guess i have to say 3
coco: daniel go with me… you can distract people and I’ll get pizza
daniel: let’s do simulation first, to look trajectory how people would be attracted by me.
anotherjoshsmith: "On my attractivess"; Pan et al. 2017
pfaendtner: Thanks everyone!!! Hope you have a great night. Time to get out and give love to the green leaf
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
arushi: Hey Jim :goodluck-jim: !
pfaendtner: :heart: :goodluck-jim:
coco: :mindbender: :goodluck-jim: :mindbender: :goodluck-jim: :mindbender: :goodluck-jim: :mindbender: :goodluck-jim:
coco: :facepalm:
kayla: Check it out y’all! My house is on the marketttt:
kayla: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I will bid $5,000,000,000
kayla: SOLD!
wesleybeckner: y rnt my y labels showing y?
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
daniel: what a play 
daniel: BTW, is there a PRG NBA playoff working group?
wesleybeckner: cool! 
pfaendtner: Highly recommend documentary "Tickled" available now on HBO. So weird. Fit for a PRG
pfaendtner: *competitive endurance tickling*
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: oh no :disappointed: 
kayla: so messed up :disappointed:
wesleybeckner: carrots don't go bad right?
anotherjoshsmith: If it looks good, eat it
wesleybeckner: looks good just a little slimy
wesleybeckner: and burns the back of my throat
kayla:  Ew 
kayla: Totes a bad carrot 
ldgibson: let me know what superpowers you get
wesleybeckner: #foodpoisoning
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: I got Gryffindor
kayla: I got Hufflepuff!
kayla: arghhhh
kayla: pfaendtner - have you ever taken the pottermore quiz to see which house you’d be sorted into?
kayla: Stats so far:
kayla: Ravenclaw: arushi, josh, garrett, wes
kayla: ah perfect
kayla: Interesting…
ldgibson: kayla I’m also Hufflepuff
kayla: yayyyyy!
kayla: that makes me so happy haha
pfaendtner: looks like you need an account on pottermore  to do it
kayla: yup it’s quick to setup
pfaendtner: I already know the answer - I’m slytherin
luizoliveira: that’s for sure!
pfaendtner: :thinking_face:
pfaendtner: stupid - I got ravenclaw
coco: It makes sense.. we are all smart people
pfaendtner: I am far more evil than smart. I mean cunning…
coco: You certainly can betray your house……..
coco: A Slytherin in Revenclaw
sarahalamdari: hufflesquadd!!
pfaendtner: kayla and I are submitting a paper today - I want to quote Jay Z in the letter to editor.  Suggestions?
kayla: “I’m far from being God but I work goddamn hard.”
kayla: That paper was hardddd work
pfaendtner: literal lol :slightly_smiling_face: :joy:
arushi: Possibly outsource my PhD projects while I take a vacation in Hawaii
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: When I was a kid they used to make us sing this at public school. 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: How about some PRG weapons training
pfaendtner: :saxophone:
anotherjoshsmith: My kinda sapphire
pfaendtner: What is your favorite song right now
kayla: Chained to the rhythm - Katy Perry
pfaendtner: I think mine is seriously 'X Gon' Give It To Ya' by DMX the hook is too powerful
anotherjoshsmith: 'ELEMENT.' -Kendrick Lamar
wesleybeckner: Dreemobil ft. SMAXIZ - when the sun goes down
anotherjoshsmith: Damn... the best of DMX playlist on apple music is actuallyy siiiiiiick pfaendtner
pfaendtner: how I use apple music
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: 3 months free.... then you can probably get the $5 student rate with your UW email
luizoliveira: Go! - Public service broadcasting
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: try the app sleep cycle. Instead of 7 hours I'm sleeping 6 hours and feeling much better the entire day. 
pfaendtner: Jus set your alarm and wake up. It is very easy if you are a morning person like me 
wesleybeckner:  prg movie night
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
coco: Wear that in a meeting next time.. and no one dare to say “no” to you
kejiawu: MONSTER
wesleybeckner: don't become like me luiz
luizoliveira: haha, to be honest I started to drink it after I saw you drinking one every morning when we were in the upstair office. It’s great for weekends writing
daniel: alcohol or not?
luizoliveira: no alcoholic, haha
pfaendtner: Just make sure you drink the no sugar one!!!
daniel: Is it a kind of energy drink like Red Bull?
kejiawu: LOL I think so tho its seemingly useless for me……
coco: kejia needs sth STRONG!
slackbot: wajia kno abou dah?
coco: DO WE HAVE HAPPY HOUR TODAY?
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
coco: TODAY?
coco: DAY?
coco: AY?
coco: Y?
coco: ?
pfaendtner: josh rescheduled it
pfaendtner: sorry!!
anotherjoshsmith: Does some time next week work? We wanted to wait for Arushi's triumphant return from PNNL
wesleybeckner: wait arushi isn't here?
arushi: No problem y’all if nothing works out next week. Go ahead for this week!
arushi: Thanks anotherjoshsmith  :smile: :smile:
pfaendtner: Arushi returns with the heads of the PNNL overloads in a burlap sack
pfaendtner: oh wait, that was a side quest in Skyrim
anotherjoshsmith: :ok_hand::skin-tone-3: :ok_hand::skin-tone-3::ok_hand: :skin-tone-3:
anotherjoshsmith: :skin-tone-3:
arushi: wth
anotherjoshsmith: lawls skin tone emoji
pfaendtner: cool boxes
pfaendtner: ARUSHI
pfaendtner: DID YOU GIVE THE NOTE TO CHRIS AND MARCEL
pfaendtner: arushi  arushi  arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi
pfaendtner: arushi  arushi  arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi@arushi  arushi  arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi@arushi  arushi  arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi@arushi  arushi  arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi@arushi  arushi  arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi@arushi  arushi  arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi@arushi  arushi  arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi arushi  arushi
pfaendtner: give it to him!!!
arushi: Okay I will 
arushi: Right now 
pfaendtner: outstanding!!
arushi: 5 points to Ravenclaw!
coco: Did Gryffindor always win in harry potter?
coco: It’s rigged!
luizoliveira: the happy hour is for arushi’s paper in nature chemistry?
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
pfaendtner: happy hrs for 1st 1st author paper
pfaendtner: Arushi will get hers soon I’m sure!
pfaendtner: it is for josh
luizoliveira: ah ok,
luizoliveira: anotherjoshsmith congratulations!!!  send me link of your paper, I want to  update the website
pfaendtner: could go next wed 17?
anotherjoshsmith: Wednesday sounds good to me!
luizoliveira: anotherjoshsmith congratulations!!!  send me link of your paper, I want to  update the website
anotherjoshsmith: luizoliveira We just returned the proofs, I'll let you know when it's posted
gdavids3: I won’t be here next Wednesday:( but I dont need to go either
anotherjoshsmith: pfaendtner Does Monday after seminar work?
pfaendtner: Nope. Mom and Dad pfaendtner are here :/
pfaendtner: I could do Tue, but it would have to be U district or Fremont 
anotherjoshsmith: I can't do Tuesday. We'll stick with Wednesday and get the group photoshop expert ( sarahalamdari ) to add Garrett to any group pics
kayla: cutie
wesleybeckner: I keep tellin ya the older he gets the less tender the meat
pfaendtner: I keep telling him, the moment the zombie apocalypse happens that I’m going to turn him into dog jerky
coco: probably he is thinking the opposite:rightthinkingface:
coco: :facepalm: I should be a Slytherin……
pfaendtner: Happy Friday
pfaendtner: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown: :clowntown:
coco: <missing_message>
coco: Happy Monday!
pfaendtner: Just installed VenMo. Let me know if you have extra money or want to practice sending me money 
coco: I want to practice requesting though…
arushi: 
!!!!
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Required attire for all men at tomorrow's HAPPPPY HOUR
wesleybeckner: Haha yes
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: anotherjoshsmith is right. FloRida sux. :clowntown: 
wesleybeckner: chrisfu what's the name of the guy you like that does cool stuff?
arushi: David Glowacki
chrisfu: If not glowacki then david wales
wesleybeckner: :thumbsup:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: today we are all Maddie
kayla: oh my god, precious
pfaendtner: ^ and normally people reserve that word for me
pfaendtner:  anyone around in B17 from about 12:45 - 1:30? boltz needs a keeper for a bit of time
arushi: At least one of JK&amp;A
pfaendtner: :thumbsup::skin-tone-4:
pfaendtner:  is anyone in the group using GNU parallel?
pfaendtner: Omg you guys.  A construction worker just walked past me on campus. Looked me up and down and said with a smile, "look this guy. He looks like a UFC fighter!" 
pfaendtner: Best. Day. Ever. 
wesleybeckner: Hahahah :thumbsup_all: 
arushi: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: gdavids3 
gdavids3:  I’m so ready
pfaendtner: everyone dies in the end
coco: And dragon and iceman live happily forever..?
pfaendtner: WHAT IS THE P VALUE OF THAT CHART
anotherjoshsmith: 8
arushi: 
Statistics on paper publishing
pfaendtner: Katy Perry drops a new album on the same day that Kayla graduates.  Wow
coco: Already bought in presell! :musical_note:
pfaendtner: ^ y not listen on spotify?
kayla: cuz coco got if for only $2
pfaendtner: I don’t really like the album that much :cry:
kayla: oh noooo
kayla: do you coco?
pfaendtner: I don’t coco
pfaendtner: oh wait, you weren’t using coco as a verb :stuck_out_tongue:
coco:  pfaendtner  you should like this video:thinking_face:
pfaendtner: that is my fav track on the album
kejiawu: Wow!
coco: The Making-Kayla-have-nightmare type:no_mouth:
kayla: no me gusta!
pfaendtner: why and why is Migos
coco: kayla I do Kayla... you have to like it once you paid for it :thinking_face:
kayla: hah
coco: Even if it's two bucks 
pfaendtner: I have a pretty big back of fresh mint from our garden if anyone wants some - come by the office tmrw and get it
wesleybeckner: my fingers are always so greasy my touchID hardly ever works
wesleybeckner: why are my fingers so greasy
kayla: haha
kayla: stop eating such greasy chicken all the time
kayla: That can’t be real.
ldgibson: Haters will say its photoshopped
coco: LOL..
kejiawu: It must be photoshopped!
kejiawu: tho huskies can look like this after getting shaved...
coco: Looks like he’s cool with his new style…
kejiawu: huskies are always dull and optimistic without worrying about their new haircuts
kejiawu: I actually saw a lot in China:facepalm:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Wonder if any of the PRGs who are from eastern cultures agree w/this article?
coco: I totally agree..
coco: We have banners in classes room with old saying about struggle… from primary school to high school..
coco: Besides… compulsory education in china is hard for everybody…. even the smartest people have to work very hard to get into Tsinghua/Peking University..
sarahalamdari: Kinda similar, Carol Dweck who coined the idea of growth mindset has some cool thoughts on this . She's done a cool Ted Talk on it
coco: :joy::joy::joy::joy::joy::joy::joy::joy::joy:
coco: It’s my high school classroom hahahahaha… check how many people wear glasses…The papers on the table are exams we did…
kejiawu: Haha Coco!
kejiawu: That's so trueee
kejiawu: I partly agree with that article. Yes struggle and persistence are emphasized a whole lot in Chinese culture and we've been taught that's typically why we succeed at last. I think it's prolly due to the profound influence of Confucianism throughout the whole course of Chinese history, so even the kids won't feel uncomfortable to do that. But I don't really think the teacher's behavior mentioned in this article was optimal if he just pushed the child to do that and without any encouragement or comfort
coco: Make me miss the old time sooooo much
coco: agree.. usually teacher invite students who are not paying attention to the blackboard.. as a punishment
kejiawu: True!
kejiawu: Because from my observation Chinese students get nervous too under that situation, especially when they're young. We mostly still tried to tolerate the struggle with faith but not really enjoy it that much. It's in primary school anyway
kejiawu: Like we have confucianism and taoism which may help to explain. Confucianism always stresses a lot on determination/introspection/tolerance which relieve and rationalize struggle. "The Confucianist in us builds and strives, while the Taoists in us watches and smiles" but the latter is harder for teenagers even in east.. I'm surprised that fourth-grade boy is so strong and calm even when he's the only one who could't do it and his classmates just shook their heads in response..
coco: I think Confucian has not much to do with hardworking attitude… It’s more related to the hard history of China and long history of imperial examination system
coco: In ancient time only way to change one’s social class is through exam.. and the passing rate is very very very low..
kejiawu: That's a great point Coco, while Confucianism was inseparable with the whole evolution of imperial examination system:wink:
kejiawu: thats a long story about Chinese history and culture but I'm with you, we can simplify it and just take the results you mentioned
coco: But if you think about it … Confucianism told people to do your own job rather than changing it… which is to stabilize the social class
coco: But exam itself is for change of social class/rank
kejiawu: I got you! Nice we can talk about that later if you'd like but I think its kinda off the point Jim's interested in here
kejiawu: :sweat_smile:
coco: Yeah it’s not a simple problem at all
kejiawu: That's why we STRUGGLE
kejiawu: :smirk:
wesleybeckner: Each has its strengths and weaknesses, which both sides know. Westerns tend to worry that their kids won't be able to compete against Asian kids who excel in many areas but especially in math and science. Li says that educators from Asian countries have their own set of worries.

" 'Our children are not creative. Our children do not have individuality. They're just robots.' You hear the educators from Asian countries express that concern, a lot," she notes.
wesleybeckner: wonder what ppl think of that
sarahalamdari: Pretty sure keja and coco are robots
coco: We blame that for why we don’t have a nobel prize until 2015
coco: Apart from the corruption in academia
kejiawu: For the creativity part that's dangerously true. But I think it's very hard for each culture to achieve the exact balance, generally, just as freedom and responsibility. But there are several pilot programs in China now and of course in other countries trying to make up for our weaknesses, and that's what I guess promising
coco: One good thing about this system is that we see few bully in school.. probably it’s the culture…..or probably we are all bullied by teacher and parents and very busy after school…:thinking_face:
kejiawu: And Japan seems kinda different in eastern countries, I'm not that sure but I think they do a pretty good job in creativity
coco: Country with history burden usually have less creativity
coco: China has not changed much for thousands of years…
coco: The whole modern system is adopted from western world
kejiawu: Well in some sense, I think China has changed too much. But I agree that the almost total westernization trend is somewhat inevitable in China now
kejiawu: Btw I really admire Humboldtian model of higher education, "academic freedom; autonomy for educational institutions; unity in teaching and research" from Univ. of Berlin 200 years ago^^^
pfaendtner: ^ awesome conversation you guys, thanks!!
coco: <missing_message>
coco: Finally got some useful skill
coco: Thanks to Garrett!
gdavids3: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: if you guys are farting in B17 I don’t wanna hear about it
pfaendtner: or smell about it
kayla: Ew
luizoliveira: no one farts here in B49
pfaendtner: or you have good air circulation
coco: = =
coco: <missing_message>
coco: Lorde release her new album today
pfaendtner: Lordy Lordy!
pfaendtner: anyone need another 27" display for their desk?
ldgibson: I may be interested
coco: I wish I have the space:cry:
pfaendtner: I will bring it in, I upgraded my home display for swolebattical (so I can look at pictures of me lifting in higher resolution) , so have an extra one
arushi: coco : don't you dare say you don't have space :p
coco: I know Ruuuuuu…:facepalm:
coco: I need a better use of this desk
pfaendtner: mebbe we should buy you the cardboard standing desk
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
coco: Or you could give me 39$ and I’ll make one
coco: in pink color
pfaendtner: or you could just goto the dumpster and get the cardboard for free
coco: Then I won’t get 39$
pfaendtner: picture this: we move 3 of you into the dumpster and make a standing desk inside
pfaendtner: then the desk is automatically recycled when u are done
coco: no way:cold_sweat:
pfaendtner: today atticus found a dead rat outside and brought it to the doorstep
pfaendtner: then proceeded to pretend he killed it. he walked around all proud like he was a badass. But the rat has been dead for months. I was embarrassed for him.
coco: Is Atticus Boltzmann’s cousin?
slackbot: woof!
pfaendtner: brother from another mother.  He is a :cat2:
pfaendtner: ^ nobody would ever believe that was a fresh kill
pfaendtner: the bones are picked clean
coco: Nice he is getting his own food :clap::skin-tone-2:
pfaendtner: u all could take a lesson
coco: Wondering if he is sharing..
wesleybeckner: my cat used to bring me fresh road kill either at the foot of my bed or outside the front door if she couldn't get in
wesleybeckner: haha
coco: so sweet:+1::skin-tone-2:
wesleybeckner: she was the best
wesleybeckner: then my step dad ran over her :cry:
kejiawu: Some studies said that's the way how cats express they love you
coco: and she became a road kill herself??:cold_sweat:
coco: That’s an awful story…..
wesleybeckner: coco I never thought of it that way :joy: the full cycle of life
wesleybeckner: irony doesn't escape the animals either
kejiawu: And my cat was very stubborn.. every time my mom threw it out of our apartment she just took it back...
kejiawu: maybe she loved us too much
coco: My dogs have quite diverged IQ… one of them was taken to the other side of city by car and find her way home alone…. but quite some dogs just rushed out my door and never come back..:worried:
kejiawu: Whaaaat!?
kejiawu: Never come back seriously?
sarahalamdari: Thats so sad :disappointed:
kejiawu: So they need a cat to take them back to the doorstep now:thinking_face:
coco: yeah… just follow some passengers… you know we don’t always leash dog in china
pfaendtner: best way to stream a radio station on my mac?
kayla: itunes
pfaendtner: if arushi’s email is arushi3@uw, who are arushi1 and arushi2
coco: check this out!
coco: <missing_message>
arushi: sadddd
pfaendtner: LOL this
arushi: I was REALLY bored yesterday
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Luke and Sarah now each get a 32 second clock to answer questions on their prelim. I’m playing this each time we ask a question!
gdavids3: 
I’m too excited
arushi: “The showdown between Qatar and its neighbors has disrupted trade, split families and threatened to alter long-standing geopolitical alliances. It’s also prompted one Qatari businessman to fly 4,000 cows to the Gulf desert in an act of resistance and opportunity to fill the void left by a collapse in the supply of fresh milk.

It will take as many as 60 flights for Qatar Airways to deliver the 590-kilogram beasts that Moutaz Al Khayyat, chairman of Power International Holding, bought in Australia and the U.S.”
wesleybeckner: lmao is this where the sexy sax guy comes from? 
wesleybeckner: man music videos used to be so good
wesleybeckner: they don't make em like this no more
wesleybeckner: :confused:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: oh lol no way here it is
wesleybeckner: omg
pfaendtner: Careless Whisper is essential
wesleybeckner: :joy: 
sarahalamdari: lol 
arushi: wow wow wow
maneki_neko: I’m really glad I don’t live there!
kejiawu: And thats what is happening in Wuhan now!
kejiawu: My hometown:smirk: literally each summer
maneki_neko: *&gt;o&lt;
kejiawu: We got heat and flood in summers recent years...
maneki_neko: I would run away every summer. x.x
sarahalamdari: Hahaha heat and floods? That sounds horrible
sarahalamdari: OMG
kejiawu: See! Last year before I left:facepalm:
maneki_neko: I love how casual those people are xD
maneki_neko: “Happens all the time guys”
kejiawu: Hahahah!
maneki_neko: We went to Japan during monsoon season and the rivers got big… but no flooding thankfully
kejiawu: I love your explanation
maneki_neko: Does the train station not close down during this flood? Why are people there??
kejiawu: It was just all of a sudden... like within one morning and a lot of people were trapped there lol
kejiawu: and then they were closed
kejiawu: Actually we proudly announced that buses and cars in Wuhan should always be amphibians
kejiawu: :raising_hand:
maneki_neko: omg
maneki_neko: calling home “Hi it flooded. Will be late”
maneki_neko: “but the bus can swim it’s ok”
kejiawu: Trueeee Miwa!
slackbot: Miwaka Floka Flame!
maneki_neko: :dancingbanana:
maneki_neko: I’m really terrified there is some flesh-eating bacteria in the water
maneki_neko: I really like
maneki_neko: there is that one student in flood water and they STILL have an umbrella
kejiawu: :facepalm:
kejiawu: Welcome to Wuhan anyway! you'll have fun:smirk:
pfaendtner: if you guys loved me I would already have this in my office to eat
kayla: That sounds delicious
pfaendtner: soooo healthy!!! 17g protein :heart:
luizoliveira: 740 calories?
sarahalamdari: I love gluten
pfaendtner: BUT 17g protein!!!
pfaendtner: 740 is not that many, right?
luizoliveira: well, I’m trying to find the perfect protein bar because the one I like has ~ 250 calories
luizoliveira: haha
sarahalamdari: Thats like the same calories as 2 pounds of chicken
pfaendtner: you should try liquid protein luiz
luizoliveira: they say that 2000 calories is enough
pfaendtner: Premier Protein drink has 160 cal and 30 g protein
pfaendtner: your protein bar is probably 20 max, sounds like Cliff Builder
pfaendtner: your required calorie load is a function of: current goals for your mass and strength, exercise level, and your own biochemistry (e.g., your basal metabolic rate)
pfaendtner: the 2000 kcal/day idea is not useful (IMO) it varies so much
luizoliveira: yes my is clif, I started to count calories the last week
luizoliveira: 2 weeks
luizoliveira: so hard
pfaendtner: hard to count or hard to keep under a limit
luizoliveira: hard to count
pfaendtner: you will get better at it. Do you have a kitchen scale? I use MyFitnessPal ap - it is great
luizoliveira: I’m doing a lot of exercises so I think I’m under
pfaendtner: is your goal to: get stronger, lose weight, maintain or some combination
luizoliveira: yeah arushi and matt might (illustrated guide to PhD guy) “showed” me it and I also found another app that talks with myfitnesspal when I’m running or cycling and update it
luizoliveira: my first goal is lose weight
pfaendtner: If you can minimize your consumption of simple carbohydrates and eat them only within 2 hrs of exercising you should weigh yourself every day, expect a fluctuation of +/- 3 lbs so follow the week-by-week running average, and cut your calories until you are losing 0.5-1.0 lbs/week.  A good target starting point is to take your GOAL weight (not your current weight) and multiply by 11.  That is your target calorie load for 1 lb/week weight loss (assuming you are being active).  Your protein intake should be around 30% of calories (4 cal/g protein), your carb intake should be 40% of calories (4cal/gr protein), and the balance should be fat.  (9cal/gr fat). This way you can calculate your ideal macro balance (e.g. , 150 g protein/day) and have reasonable targets
pfaendtner: If you exercise several times/week and can maintain 11cal/lb/day of intake at the ratios I recommended (including alcohol!) you should lose 1lb/week
pfaendtner: the essential thing is to pick a plan and try it for 3-5 weeks before making changes
pfaendtner: if you lose more than 2lb/week you are not eating enough and should add 5% per day to your calories (same ratio)
pfaendtner: keep in mind you have big day-to-day fluctuations so dont’ freak out about 1 day.  Always weigh yourself same time wearing the same clothes (or none). the change is what matters not the absolute number
pfaendtner: ^ just a few thoughts.  wesleybeckner do you agree ?
kejiawu: :flushed:
kejiawu: thought I was reading an academic paper here
kejiawu: SO professional!:joy::+1:
pfaendtner: We know fitness and nutrition in this group ;)
kejiawu: So I'm in the right group!
kejiawu: :smile:
wesleybeckner: Yesh I agree with those thoughts and this is my expansion/dichotomy on them
My goal is always to establish habits. If the goal is anything other than that the results will always be temporary because unless it's your profession no one can expect themselves to go ham on any regimen 100% of the time. So with that, imo anyone starting off with a nutrition/fitness plan should focus on a body composition change rather than weight loss (and a 1lb or less reduction in weight/week is in line with that goal, more later) for these reasons: adding lean mass will increase your BMR for as long as you keep it, keeping your energy consumption/expenditure near neutral will maintain your current MBR and keep you psychologically motivated, and adding a fitness regimen (especially HITT) to every day will increase your metabolism for that day. 

for macros I emphasize: protein intake, total calories, and reduction of simple carbs+sugar. I de-emphasize the split between carbs/fat. This has worked for me personally and goes back to that idea of establishing habits that are easy for you to maintain. I personally enjoy fats much more than carbs (things like ribs, fish, avocados, nuts, sugar-free treats, creamer, etc.) If you're a person who prefers carbs over fats then I would allow myself to swing the other way. The most important thing is keeping yourself feeling full and getting enough protein to promote lean mass. Sugar is a killer because it spikes your glucose levels and anything that isn't used is immediately stored as fat, then you crash and get hungry again. A secondary thing to emphasize for macros is how you're sourcing your protein. A 4oz steak+green beans will have approx the same protein+cal content as a protein bar but its going to sit in your GI much longer, providing you with a steady source of protein and a feeling of fullness. So unless you personally enjoy protein bars I would supplement protein intake with liquid protein like Jim suggested + a slow digesting meal like oats or beans. Protein bars can many times be well-disguised candy bars. With that my Protein/Fat/Carb split is about 40/30/30. 40% is considered a max by most athletes. it's the upper limit physique athletes use just before a show. The normal split is like Jim said but I've also seen carbs bumped up to something like 30/20/50 (p/f/c).

Programming becomes more important the longer you're involved in a fittness/nutrition plan. I have 3 cycles: bulk, cut, maintain. weight loss is allowable in a maintenance phase as long as the emphasis is still on body composition. That means muscle hypertrophy and adequate protein intake. Most folks who start a "diet" and "exercise" plan are really focusing on weight loss, with no regard to long term body composition change. The end result is fatigue and a decrease in lean mass, making it easier than ever to gain all the weight back. My recommendation for someone starting out would be to: maintain for 3-6 months then depending on their long term goal, cut for 4-8 weeks or bulk for 4-8 weeks before returning back to maintenance. My cycle is currently 4 mo. bulk, 2 mo. cut, 6 mo. maintenance. And that' because I want to add about 15 lbs of lean mass in 3 years without spending my summers feeling heavy. 

In terms of habit establishment, I started off recording macros, calories, and some micros like salt and potassium. I also recorded everything about every workout I did. I now do a 1 week "check in" at the start of any new phase. This lets me benchmark where I'm at and make sure my "intuition" about how many calories I'm consuming and burning is staying accurate. The goal is to increase your technical skill at this so that you don't have to put forth so much psychological effort. This is like that skill/work/technique plot Jim showed awhile back. :thumbsup:
maneki_neko: :confounded: wow
kejiawu: :flushed::flushed::flushed:
maneki_neko: I guess if I ever need to get in shape I have a lot of experts
kejiawu: :zipper_mouth_face::+1::skin-tone-2:
maneki_neko: :slightly_smiling_face:
luizoliveira: Cool thanks guys. I will try it. I’ve tried so many things the last months (1 &amp; 1 diet, intermittent fasting, counting calories, slow carb…). I know the solution, Dukan diet, I lost 10 kg 2 years ago by doing that for 50 days, but I don’t want to pay the prize of that diet again.
luizoliveira: I will need to google some terms :slightly_smiling_face:
pfaendtner: I have just two more comments: 
1) Wes diagnosed ribs as “a fat”, which I :heart: so much!!! 
2) Wes and I have different approaches and both get great results. Why? We focus on long term changes that are based on a foundation of doing things we love. All joking aside both of us are always here to help because we see the value of fitness and nutrition in promoting healthy productive lifestyles.  You don’t have to do it all at once - I did regular marathon running for 10 years w/o thinking about my diet and then I did HIIT and weight training for 2-3 years before I got serious about eating.  

3) I know I said only 2 items. So what. Why aren’t we using 
luizoliveira: yes, this Dukan diet I did was hard but I got much more productive and less tired in a daily basis. I love to run I’ve completed a marathon already and several other shorter distances events. But my belly got “resistant” to cardio I think. haha
luizoliveira: what about the kitchen scale. What for?
luizoliveira: random is random. :wink:
pfaendtner: I weigh and measure most of what I eat
pfaendtner: my breakfast every day is basically 4oz turkey, 4 oz potato, 2 eggs.  I make 10 eggs, 1 lb potato, 1 lb turkey every sunday in a casserole form and divide it.
pfaendtner: same for lunch - I cook 4-5 lbs chicken for my lunches, etc..  
when you want ot know what you eat, you have to determine its mass and composition
luizoliveira: I see
pfaendtner: that is the gold standard - you can also do a lot of estimation
pfaendtner: the hard part, though, is that if you want to control how much you eat by caloric load, you have to know how much you eat
pfaendtner: I am someone whose eating philosophy is this: _I want to eat all the food that is bad for me all the time_
pfaendtner: some people aren’t like that but all I want is sweets and junk food and beer
kayla: That is my philosophy!! Except substitute beer with wine :wine_glass:;) 
pfaendtner: ^ I guess I meant wine and bourbon too :wink:
luizoliveira: wesleybeckner can you please share again that book you sent us once? I never finished it and I downloaded it to my old phone which I don’t have any more…
coco: <missing_message>
houghb: pfaendtner wesleybeckner really interesting discussion, you guys have clearly learned a lot about this stuff.  Do vitamins and minerals enter your considerations somewhere, or is it assumed that by following your dietary plans and eating mostly real food you are getting what you need?
pfaendtner: It is my expectation that if you are eating a variety of vegetables throughout the week that you are getting enough vitamins and minerals. This is especially true for men because we don’t suffer bone density loss w/aging. Women are extremely susceptible to this - especially post-menopause. So it is in your best interest to have a calcium rich diet and potentially supplement with calcium - especially as you move into your mid-late 30s. Unless a doctor recommends it, I don’t think a multivitamin is needed. The dosage levels are often WAY beyond solubility limit in water, so a lot of what you pay for just exits your body in urine
pfaendtner: I do not recommend drinking urine to recover the waste vitamins
pfaendtner: Western diet is super deficient in Omega-3 fatty acids compared to other cultures. The Omega-3/Omega-6 ratio is important as these have anti- and pro-inflammatory repsonses that are both important biochemically.  There is a lot of BS about “inflammation” and gluten, etc.  However, there is a clear evidence base that for people who are moderately to highly active, increasing Omega-3 intake is a valuable addition. O3 is the only supplement I take as I do not have the willpower to obtain it by other means (i.e., eat a can of tuna every day)
wesleybeckner: Totally. O3:O6 ratio is off kilter (deff in O3) for most Americans because of where we source our fats and the food products that our animals eat (we'll inherit their deficiencies if we don't supplement with other sources). From Michael Pollan's "eat food, mostly plants, not too much"- Essentially the american diet is focused on meat in which the living animal didn't get to consume leafy greens and then our own diet is focused on seeds rather than leaves. This throws off our O3/O6 ratio since leaves are high in O3 and seeds are high in O6. My "superfood" consists of spinach, flax seeds, beans, tomatoes, and chicken. to get that optimum balance. The leaves also contain antioxidants since they're participating in photosynthesis. But ya diversifying the diet is key. You're just more likely to hit more of what you need that way.
sarahalamdari: eat your veggies!! :hey:
coco: You guys are writing a book in slack… “Eat with Jim and Wes-- the secret of fitness”
pfaendtner: Michael Pollan is wrong about most things concerning how much meat I should eat 🤤 
wesleybeckner: yes his subtitles should be _for people who want to be tiny_
wesleybeckner: or dare I say _if you want to look like a predator, you have to eat like one_
wesleybeckner: we want to look like _predators_ right?
wesleybeckner: :facepalm:
gdavids3: sorry to change topics… But this is hilarious: 
pfaendtner: I love the predator
pfaendtner: did u guys know Van Damme was the predator for awhile?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: NEVER TEACH A PIG TO SING.
 IT WASTES YOUR TIME AND ANNOYS THE PIG.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: You guys. This looks amazing, but we have to wait until Chrismas
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: But we can go see this tomorrow
arushi: Kevin Spacey :heart:
pfaendtner: I feel like Baby Driver is a movie made for Kayla and Ole
arushi: lol, why
pfaendtner: have her watch the trailer then ask her if I am right
pfaendtner: then everyone can be a little weirded out about how I knew that
pfaendtner: _me too_
arushi: She has no clue
pfaendtner: lol that movie is basically like Twilight meets Fast and Furious
pfaendtner: with music
arushi: Twilight+Fat and Furious+Pitch Perfect
pfaendtner: ahhhh ^ that would be a perfect movie sent from heaven
pfaendtner: Pitch Perfect 2 was so bad
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: kayla: stop buying them
kayla: oh my god! owls! my favorite.
kayla: i will NOT stop buying them
kayla: You guys, B17 is soooo cold! It is like winter in here!!
kayla: Is it like that in B49?!
pfaendtner: :laughing:
pfaendtner: I complained about my office being hot this week
pfaendtner: sorry ya’ll
kayla: Wanna switch?! Arushi and I are dyinggg in here.
coco: kayla  you have bought owls?!
coco: my mom is crazy about birds recently..
coco: lol!
coco: lord of PRG, W You know who, COOL GUY
pfaendtner: ^ david beck was reviewing your DSA application and asked me about cool guy :laughing:
coco: he probably wants a nice title too:thumbsup_all:
arushi: Lord Jimnasium
kejiawu: He could be a "cooler guy":thinking_face:
kejiawu: Which I disagree with. Jim is the coolest!
anotherjoshsmith:  :trump:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: danggg
coco: that is damn true
kejiawu: So now I'm singing "Yesterday Once More" in my mind:flushed:
kejiawu: This is exactly the same as what happened in Wuhan last year...
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
arushi: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Kesha dropped a new single today - I am not a fan
maneki_neko: She is still alive???
maneki_neko: :joy:
coco: $$
coco: She’s changing her style in the same way as Lady Gaga
wesleybeckner: when you find out there's a dusty stick emoji :dusty_stick:
wesleybeckner: :dusty_stick:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: arushi
arushi: <missing_message>
coco: Is it capable to turn into a transformer?
luizoliveira: thumbs up for the espresso machine!
pfaendtner: I cleared 4TB on suppscr :scream:
maneki_neko: Does this machine make hot chocolate? :blush: 
maneki_neko: It looks cool! I like it either way.
pfaendtner: only coffee, sorry :slightly_smiling_face:
maneki_neko: poopy :cry:
sarahalamdari: Theres hot chocolate keurig cups in the grad lounge that im pretty sure are up for grabs ! :joy:
sarahalamdari: if not you didnt hear that from me
maneki_neko: omg
maneki_neko: going there now
wesleybeckner: I have Arnold as my background and Miwa didn't know who he was
slackbot: Miwaka Floka Flame!
wesleybeckner: idk what to do
pfaendtner: :cry:
maneki_neko: I only watched terminator once and he kept wearing glasses
maneki_neko: I'm pretty sure that your desktop background photo taken before I was born :neutral_face:
luizoliveira: Terminator was just a minor role, Arnold is much more than that.
coco: It was one of first movies I have watched
wesleybeckner: Beam me up, Scotty
anotherjoshsmith: "Object" seems a little strong for a photon.
ldgibson: Just wait until you *see* this photon
pfaendtner: 50:50 odds photons are not even real :confused:
maneki_neko: ldgibson coco wesleybeckner luizoliveira kejiawu daniel Could you direct message me and let me know if 11:30-12:30 on Tuesday, July 18th is ok for the HYAK tour? I just have to confirm with them and we are set!
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: :joy:
wesleybeckner: #1 take your own life
wesleybeckner: and make sure you decompose your body aerobically
sarahalamdari: Like what is this bar graph hahaha :joy: 0 to 100
wesleybeckner: for real
maneki_neko: Another argument for telling my mom why I don't want kids.
sarahalamdari: Plot twist, the real study has this bar graph with numbers for Russia and Japan as well :joy:
sarahalamdari:  this is amazing if you need a good laugh
sarahalamdari: And/or are interested in reducing your carbon footprint
wesleybeckner: lol having fewer kids for the sake of the environment would be bad for the environment because the world would then run amok with the children of people who didn't care about the environment so probably they wouldn't care about the environment and so no one would care about the environment
sarahalamdari: wow that was insightful
pfaendtner: ^ how to auto reduce file size for your MS Office Files (kayla) , very appropriate for sending out theses or other docs via email.  Attachments you send of reports, exams, theses should be &lt; 5 mb
kayla: Awesome!! Thanks Jim! 
maneki_neko: ldgibson coco wesleybeckner luizoliveira kejiawu daniel HYAK people said for the tour to meet at the UW tower and there we can sign people in and start the tour. :smile_cat:
ldgibson: sounds good, thanks Miwa!
slackbot: Miwaka Floka Flame!
kejiawu: Start our adventure!
kejiawu: ^_^
daniel: It might be very cold? always winter just like the North?
maneki_neko: I've heard server rooms are very warm...
maneki_neko: And loud because of all the fans :slightly_smiling_face:
daniel: hmm I thought they should be cool down
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: Maybe it depends on the location....
maneki_neko: Dress in layers xD
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: trolling pratyush while he is @ a telluride meeting and his laptop broke
pfaendtner: ldgibson  - should I put the “Luke’s of Hazzard” pic in your CEI rec letter? :laughing:
ldgibson: only if it really adds to my overall aesthetic of being _clean energy driven_
pfaendtner: The General Lee, to my knowledge, was not an electric car
coco: <missing_message>
kejiawu: i was just going through the news!
maneki_neko: Oh no :cry:
wesleybeckner: it wasn't even December
coco: How are you doing anotherjoshsmith
kejiawu: Josh is going back!!
kejiawu: :laughing:
coco: Find a Boltzmann
slackbot: woof!
arushi: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner:  book club?
wesleybeckner: Machine, Platform, Crowd: Harnessing Our Digital Future
wesleybeckner: authors being interviewed here
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Kinda feel like we need a solid yard/bar game that will entertain the masses whilst we taste BBQ sauce and await smoked meats.  Any suggestion for a game people will actually play? I have a horrible track record of success on this front 
pfaendtner: Looking forward to BBQ on Sunday. Please rsvp if you are coming and you did not do it yet 
maneki_neko: You should try giant Jenga!
arushi: crossfit?
sarahalamdari: :joy::joy::joy:
pfaendtner: If Bezos had done 9 years of Crossfit I hope he would be a lot more jacked than that :thinking_face:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
kejiawu: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: does anyone use anything besides web of science to get papers?
wesleybeckner: can't find this one
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Check out sci-hub
pfaendtner: Also can request from interlibrary loan. You will get the PDF in a day or 2
luizoliveira: did u get it wesleybeckner?
wesleybeckner: oh great, thanks!
luizoliveira: didn’t know about sci-hub, I use something else
pfaendtner: Anyone bringing a BBQ sauce tomorrow ?!
luizoliveira: I need to confirm with Patricia, but we were thinking in prepare something
luizoliveira: not 100% sure, though
coco: What is a BBQ sauce :thinking_face:
Can I bring a Cajun sauce?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ can PRG prepare a shot by shot remake of this classic Soul Train Line
coco: Anyone has thought the GOT S07 is a bit cheesy.. looks like they are really short of money :thinking_face:
anotherjoshsmith: Get out of town
gdavids3: i think it’s the opposite…
coco: :zipper_mouth_face:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I’d like to request that ldgibson and sarahalamdari practice yelling their names at the start of their presentations - take a cue from Quevo, DJ Khaled, Jason Derulo, etc…  would be a real nice addition to your prelim exams.  Esp. cna envision Luke belting out “EEEEEL  DEEEEEE GIBSON!” like @ the beginning of _All I Do Is Win_
coco: Git merge

wesleybeckner: im dying 
wesleybeckner: 'His idyllic American childhood was disrupted, however, when as a high school student Pence supported the Democratic party and voted for Jimmy Carter -- a decision he attributes less to loose political and moral convictions than to teenage immaturity and “the magnetic, almost sexual pull a charismatic figure such as Jimmy Carter had on teenagers of the 70s.”'
pfaendtner: when your family shares Trump stuff on facebook
arushi: :open_mouth:
pfaendtner: don’t worry Rū, I got this
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
arushi: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: you guys!!! my family is re-sharing TRUMP stuff on Facebook again but it is so offensive I won’t even post it here
pfaendtner: what do I do
pfaendtner: ^ here we go again
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  
maneki_neko: That dog is so chill :hugging_face:
maneki_neko: Hey guys! I’m going to use the supplies in B17 to paint the UW logo on the wall. We have white and dark purple paint right now. If anyone has other colors to donate, that would be cool!
kayla: Please upload a pic when you are done so I can see it!! :grimacing:
pfaendtner: possible prelim paper
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: The volunteers submerged the lower part of their body in a warm bath each time they felt an urge to deflate. The flatus emission was completely sampled by catching all the flatus bubbles in a measuring beaker, which was submerged, fully filled with water and turned upside down before the emission. After some practice, it is very easy to quantitatively sample all the bubbles
pfaendtner: :trump:
anotherjoshsmith: :joy:
maneki_neko: omg
anotherjoshsmith: ^^^ Working on that beautiful bronze tan of his
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: nooooo
pfaendtner: :smirk2:
pfaendtner: ^ we hate this emoji
anotherjoshsmith: Haha one of the students in Yi's lab at ZJU sent that to me all the time
anotherjoshsmith: Never understood it
pfaendtner: lets be honest - I think we all understand it
pfaendtner: there is basically only one possible meaning of :smirk2:
anotherjoshsmith: Is it just an uglier version of :smirk:
pfaendtner: will be a few late
pfaendtner: 4:05 or so
coco: <missing_message>
coco: A RNN trained on the first five GOT books to generate the 6th
coco: <missing_message>
coco: Here we go!
pfaendtner: My brother works offshore on an oil rig month on / month off.   He is out right now in the gulf.  The + in the center is where he was when Harvey passed by - 4 miles from the eye of the hurricane
coco: :scream:
maneki_neko:  Would anyone be willing to stop by the ChemE front office at 11AM tomorrow to pick up a projector from Caroline? I asked for one for the wall painting. My mom's car is in the shop right now so she is borrowing mine and I'm not 100% when I'll be back on campus. :confounded:
pfaendtner: hopefully someone can grab this for Miwa!!
slackbot: Miwaka Floka Flame!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Happy Thursday
wesleybeckner: maneki_neko ill grab it
maneki_neko: Thank youu :laughing: :relieved: 
wesleybeckner: cool d3 viz houston floods
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: I'm so proud of this city.
pfaendtner: I just reviewed a paper with metad applied to polymer absorption to a membrane. Authors used a 10 angstrom wide sigma and got predictable results
coco: <missing_message>
kayla: That is so incredibly creepy
kayla: , Hey y’all! I will be in Seattle later this week for my sister’s wedding! Anyone want to grab lunch with me on Thursday sometime before Sarah’s practice talk??
coco: :raising_hand::skin-tone-2::raising_hand::skin-tone-2::raising_hand::skin-tone-2::raising_hand::skin-tone-2::raising_hand::skin-tone-2:
pfaendtner: Hopefully you'll make time for your ol advisor 
kayla: Hah! Of course :grin:
sarahalamdari: :wave::wave: yes! 
pfaendtner: :smirk2:
coco: <missing_message>
coco: wesleybeckner
coco: Find a theme song for you
kayla: Anyone who is free, let's plan to head out for lunch at noon! :) 
arushi: 
Talk smack about publications here!
maneki_neko: Does anyone else want to go to Shwarma King?
maneki_neko: They're yummy. :slightly_smiling_face:
coco: When and where are we going?
maneki_neko: Hi guys! The “W” logo is mostly painted but I have to let it dry for four hours before the second coat. Please do not touch it &gt;o&lt;
pfaendtner: Thanks Miwa!!
slackbot: Miwaka Floka Flame!
pfaendtner: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
coco: <missing_message>
arushi: 
real.
wesleybeckner: new IT movie looks terrifying 
pfaendtner: did you guys know that Arushi’s academic grandfather is Michael L. Klein (through Mundy) and also Michael T. Klein (through Pfaendtner)
arushi: woah
arushi: gotta meet him!
pfaendtner: which one?
arushi: The head-gordons
pfaendtner: MLK and MTK are different people - they don’t really have research overlap either
arushi: lol, ok
pfaendtner: probably not much sequence overlap either - I don’t think they have a common genetic ancestor
arushi: one of them is not human?
pfaendtner: :confused:  mebbe
pfaendtner: dayum - one MOX node be costing $5446
pfaendtner: how many should I buy?
pfaendtner: I think we can afford 9 MOX nodes right now and at least 11 more next summer
coco: One iphoneX cost 1k how many should you buy?
pfaendtner: ALL OF THEM
pfaendtner: the camera on the back looks real bulky
pfaendtner: “iphone ex” or “iphone ten”  - how to say it
coco: ten ... that's how we roll
slackbot: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: What are they going to do after iPhone 9?
anotherjoshsmith: WAIT MAYBE 7 8 9 SO IT CAN'T BE RELEASED RIP
sarahalamdari: This is my new favorite conspiracy theory 
ldgibson: they way you talk about it implies that it may be false
sarahalamdari: Im a believer, 100% sold
anotherjoshsmith: Compelling stuff. I've always been a bit suspicious about Antarctica. Can't wait until scientists get real and acknowledge the need for a Night's Watch on the great ice wall
ldgibson: I was just thinking, are we actually in Westeros
maneki_neko: Is that iPhone x thing for real??
maneki_neko: What is iPhone SE???
maneki_neko: So many things I don't know
arushi: is there group meeting tomorrow, then?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: OMG this guy is a total legend - check out how much the audience loves his jokes (1st 60 seconds)
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ I realize I’m pretty late to this party and you guys all already know all about this.  But I’d like to point out two things: 

1) if you knew about this and didn’t share it with me: _how.dare.you. _
2) see #1
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Happy Friday. Please enjoy the angsty stylings of Alanis circa '95.
pfaendtner: Meh why not enjoy her stylings circa 80s when she was on a hit kids TV Show
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Brilliant. A true Canadian hero.
anotherjoshsmith: Listening to Jagged Little Pill acoustic all day. I think she speaks Hebrew for the last 30 seconds of Head over Feet
pfaendtner: WHEN YOU HAVEN’T USED PYTHON IN 7 MONTHS AND YOU ARE JUST TRYING TO MAKE A DAMN PLOT
pfaendtner: ^ sabbatical is amazing
arushi: Working on the first day of sabbatical :open_mouth:
pfaendtner: heck yes!
pfaendtner: I have worked out for 2 hrs, taught CrossFit, ate 2000 calories
pfaendtner: and that was just before 10:30 am
pfaendtner: AND I JUST MADE MY PLOT.  SUCK IT PYTHON
anotherjoshsmith: Plotting strict press progress?
pfaendtner: Python can’t handle that slope, josh
anotherjoshsmith: :joy:
pfaendtner: d(press)/d(time) = _infinity_
anotherjoshsmith: "Slope is undefined"
pfaendtner: And I don’t care what you guys say - the André 3000 remix of Sleazy (Kesha) is terrible
pfaendtner: chrisfu is this what we should expect from Virginia going forward? 


chrisfu: wow i hope not... mildly relieved to know this isn't my district
arushi: what does this even mean
wesleybeckner: thats what im sayin
pfaendtner: what happens when you click ?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Best scene from Leprechaun: Back 2 Tha Hood by far
pfaendtner: WHY DIDN’T ANYONE COMMENT ON THIS VIDEO
pfaendtner: ^ GOOD SUBJECT OF CONVERSATION FOR “WORKING WITH YOUR PI” WORKSHOP THIS AFTERNOON
wesleybeckner: happy 420!!!
anotherjoshsmith: happy 420
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
kejiawu: unhappy 421
arushi: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: hahahah, great!
pfaendtner: B has his apple bottom jeans and boots with the fur.  just like anotherjoshsmith’s favorite musician sang
ksakloth: probably the second one cuz the front 2 count as hands :hugging_face:
daniel: B’s jeans are better than mine:scream::scream::scream:
coco: hahahahahahahahaha
coco: goes well with the white gloves
coco: find a nice paper 
anotherjoshsmith: There seems to be something fishy about the distribution in Figure 2... Hope this wasn't intentionally falsified
anotherjoshsmith: pfaendtner’s Law: TOC text should always be in comic sans
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
coco:  This is what I was watching in midnight writing my qualifying exam...
coco: makes me really hungry...
wesleybeckner: go 2 indea then
coco: I will!
wesleybeckner: bring me bck sum food
wesleybeckner: im hungry
arushi: PRGs in India! I will host you all!!! :heart:
pfaendtner: PRY good Miike Snow video was filmed in Varanasi
pfaendtner: Also, this morning I suggest listening to Atom And His Package on Spotify - song about using the metric system is totally savage.
ksakloth: haha coco I've been to all those places in that video , I'm from Bombay :heart:
coco: ksakloth it’s like a spice heaven
wesleybeckner: Yo we need some1 at open and honest to tell how awesome this group is
wesleybeckner: ldgibson I'm lookin at u, McDaper
ldgibson: Oh, I meant to sign up for that, when is it at? 
wesleybeckner: tomrw at 5
ldgibson: Yeah, I'll go, I'll sign up once I get to school right now 
arushi: Luke to the rescue!
wesleybeckner: Lol Thanks Luke!
kejiawu: arushi :thinking_face:
wesleybeckner: kejiawu :thinking_face:
wesleybeckner: :open_mouth:
pfaendtner: finally saw It - so good!! Pennywise is totally my mentor, u guys!!!
arushi: finally!!
arushi: Alright alright alright!
pfaendtner: you became CEO and all u got was a hat :confused:
anotherjoshsmith: Oh no... I just figured it'd be a little boastful to send a pic of my new helicopter
anotherjoshsmith: Saw a coyote on campus this morning. If you see one, don't try to ride on it's back like I did.
sarahalamdari: Are you serious??!?
anotherjoshsmith: Not about saddling up, but I did see one!
sarahalamdari: OMG :flushed:
anotherjoshsmith: She was a sweetheart. Just stared me down for a sec, then sauntered off into some bushes.
pfaendtner: coyote meat tastes soooooooo good
pfaendtner: y dint u capture it!
anotherjoshsmith: Live and let live :fist::skin-tone-3:
anotherjoshsmith: Felt a certain inexplicable connection.
pfaendtner: if it was me in that picture I would be riding the coyote right into the kitchen!
coco: or let it bite you so you can change in a full moon night.
anotherjoshsmith: Werecoyote doesn't have the same ring to it as werewolf
pfaendtner: if it would let me do better CrossFit I would absolutely let a wolf bite me
wesleybeckner:  lol
kejiawu: :facepalm:
pfaendtner: does anyone watch The Walking Ded
daniel: we are not in sabbatical:sob::sob:
coco: looooool
maneki_neko: My mom was legitimately obsessed with the Walking Dead for some time...
arushi: "_GOP tax bill would tax tuition wavers for grad students. This would be a disaster for US STEM PhD education._" what? what?
pfaendtner: isn’t that crazy. It is unlikely it will transpire but if it passed in that form it would mean your “income” would increase 18K/ year…
coco: Is it true?:thinking_face:
coco: What kind of ChemE job is so highly paid? 
wesleybeckner: it speak the true, true
pfaendtner: ChemE are the BEST
wesleybeckner: what if eastern style toilets lead to overall better ankle mobility?
wesleybeckner: :thinking_face:
anotherjoshsmith: They almost definitely do
arushi: That’s why you need a squatty potty
arushi: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: y focused just on ankles?  I think we could make a better case for hip flexor and hamstring mobility
pfaendtner: which is better “Cheap Thrills” w/just Sia or when feat Sean Paul? or when feat Sean Paul remixed by Le Youth
pfaendtner: HELP ME, PEOPLE
pfaendtner: we can all agree the Nicky Jam “spanglish version” totally sucks
anotherjoshsmith: Sia+Sean Paul sans remix
pfaendtner: I think so too.  Which remix of “Cake” by Flo Rida is your favorite, anotherjoshsmith?
anotherjoshsmith: His flo is just so good it’s impossible to choose..
coco: The industry panel has two snake break one food session and a happy hour!
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
coco: it's a party....
kejiawu: party for Coco-s!
coco: cocos?
arushi: loco coco
sarahalamdari: coco puff
anotherjoshsmith: Snake break :snake: 
coco: hahahahahha
coco: :snake::snake:
wesleybeckner: :snake: on a :cake: on a break
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
kejiawu: Lol good job
luizoliveira: In addition to advances in algorithms to achieve dynamics on longer time scales, recent efforts by D. E. Shaw Research have focused on building a specialized computer, Anton, with the sole purpose of simulating protein dynamics.(16) With this great engineering achievement, simulation time scales have been pushed into the range of hundreds of microseconds to milliseconds using unbiased brute force cMD.(17, 18) While time on an Anton machine has been generously granted to the scientific community, access is still limited, *and many researchers are stuck waiting in queues on crowded super computers or local clusters*
luizoliveira: from  “Routine Access to Millisecond Time Scale Events with Accelerated Molecular Dynamics”
luizoliveira: <missing_message>
ldgibson: Let's just make our _own_ Anton 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: :facepalm:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Very informative
arushi: Let’s go for this PRGs!
Anderson Cooper and Andy Cohen Live!

anotherjoshsmith: Put me down for the $375 VIP seats...
pfaendtner: hard to pick who I like less out of these two
arushi: <missing_message>
cnyambr: cnyambr has joined the channel
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
ldgibson: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
coco: I am wondering if you guys can understand this..
coco: Believe it or not.. it's english
maneki_neko: Happy New Year everyone!
pfaendtner: Was the PRG new years resolution to abandon Slack?! :wink:
luizoliveira: Funny enough, that’s one of my resolutions, haha. I’m gonna use it only during the mornings when I’m commuting to work and in the night, at home. If I don’t promptly reply, that’s the reason.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: this makes me unreasonably happy
pfaendtner: Can anyone subscribe this channel to Logan Paul’s vlogs so they appear here automatically?
cnyambr: It is the third day since Oregonians have started pumping their own gas  Lolololol
anotherjoshsmith: wesleybeckner A quantitative description of the nontrivial difference between friends and colleagues. 
arushi: "We’re getting dumber while our phones, cars, and homes are getting smarter."
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: liked jake's post 
sarahalamdari: Wait that video :joy: how are they not cracking up filming that
anotherjoshsmith: Weird request: anyone have a bandaid in the office?
anotherjoshsmith: ...if yes: can I have it?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: anyone come across anyoen doing binding of small molecules (organics, peptides, etc.) to this class of materials ^^ ??
pfaendtner: would love to know if there are any metad or simulation results. etc…
pfaendtner: are there decent classical force fields for cad sulfide or mol sulfide?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
cnyambr: App creates ‘legally binding contracts’ for one night stands to prove sex is consensual 

Bruh, this is what our society has devolved to
cnyambr: 300 kmph in a small german town (with sound) 

It's coming in hot(please pronounce hot as haaaht to emphasize the speed of the object)!!
wesleybeckner: i want a cookie
sarahalamdari: I heard wes is getting everyone cookies
pfaendtner: :heart: cookies
ldgibson: <missing_message>
ldgibson: you ever have one of those days
arushi: yeah, when I have run `rm -rf *` in a working directory!
arushi: Happened several times. Sometimes in the same day :stuck_out_tongue:
sarahalamdari: :joy: oh no 
pfaendtner: 5 years ago!
pfaendtner:  please let me know if you have already tried the Tide Pod challenge
cnyambr: Mild by Boys sounds like a real band
wesleybeckner: "Dave Dump McDan"
wesleybeckner: "Screepy Boys"
anotherjoshsmith: Man Mist sounds gross...
anotherjoshsmith: remind me to avoid that stage
chrisfu: this opportunity might be of interest to some and it looks like you can apply for funding: 
anotherjoshsmith: #highereducationyaaa
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: I dream to one day be bold enough to write a biosketch like this: _ Mani Soma quickly escaped the university system with the standard set of degrees but just as quickly discovered that he was not up to any realistic industry challenge. Returning to the make-believe world of academia, he found a small niche area in mixed analog-digital system testing and published several *inconsequential papers* before the competition got tough. He is well known as a team builder and team player: *the list of people he has cooperated with is just as long as and identical to the list of people who will never cooperate with him again.* After a short stint as a notoriously incompetent part-time administrator, he now cooks, gardens, and teaches folk dancing. He continues to be a living proof of G. Bernard Shaw’s dictum: *“My reputation increases with every failure”.*_
luizoliveira: the photo on his webpage is equally awesome: 
maneki_neko: Is it too late for me to apply for electrical engineering??! :scream:
coco: never
coco: too late
useliang: useliang has joined the channel
kejiawu: stay
kejiawu: young
kejiawu: forever
pfaendtner: important reads post-superbowl
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: kayla is anyone alive in New England today?  Congrats on having your heart broke in the super bowl loss 3 years ago, then moving to New England to have your heart broke again in a super bowl loss yesterday :cry:   maybe you are football cursed?
anotherjoshsmith: #kaylakurse... trending soon
arushi: This guy is getting hell from people on twitter for saying this:
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: "I tell my graduate students and post-docs that if they’re working 60 hours per week, they’re working less than the full professors, and less than their peers."
luizoliveira: the discussion and the data are really interesting. Thanks for sharing, Arushi!
sarahalamdari: that twitter thread is full of lolz
pfaendtner: Are you saying the data are false or that we should not share them with students
arushi: tricky conversation
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: :open_mouth:
arushi: awwww
sarahalamdari: :joy:
coco: After a whole day’s networking.. Now I am friend on WeChat with the head of quantum computing lab in alibaba :see_no_evil:
coco: I am trilled gosh :see_no_evil::see_no_evil:
arushi: OMG :heart:
arushi: GET THAT JOB COCO!!
sarahalamdari: wahoo!!!
daniel: Should I be happy I use WeChat?
wesleybeckner: i found our office mascot 
coco: It's not a joke right?
coco: Sometime I am confused...
coco: If it's real/joke/irony....:thinking_face:
arushi: Before/After you see “The Post”: 
pfaendtner: Going to the post tmrw 
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: the comment threads :joy:
kayla: Hey y’all, anyone free for lunch this Thursday?? Around noon or so?
kayla: awesomeeee you guys. Looking forward to it!
pfaendtner:  my niece Cora (4th grade) is doing a family history project and was researching Pfaendtners online.  She said she can’t understand what I do for my job because our website is too complicated.  

I want to help her understand.  If 4 of you are willing to make a short YouTube movie explaining your research by tomorrow afternoon (*3pm*) I will take the group for happy hr wed after Chris’ general (this won’t count as his general celebration :wink: ).   Parameters:  greet Cora by name, introduce yourself, explain your research to a 4th grader, and use some kind of interesting visual (simulation movie, image, etc.)  

Good luck!!
daniel: OK i am in if she wants to talk about some BIG theory about life like “if you fail, don’t forget to learn your lesson.”
pfaendtner: you can tell her that at the end!!
sarahalamdari: so cute haha
pfaendtner: a couple years ago I hired some grad students from Northwestern Chem Eng department (they live in Chicago) to do a science themed birthday party at her house. So they showed up w/lab coats for everyone and did science experiments.  It was heather mayes and her friend Jen Schoborg - so fun :slightly_smiling_face: :slightly_smiling_face:
daniel: ohh i thought you would tell her DONT DO CHEME
cnyambr: I’m down to be part of it
cnyambr: Actually, I don't think I can be part of it
cnyambr: I have direct classes pretty much all day today
cnyambr: New antibiotic family discovered in dirt - Tests show the compounds, called malacidins, annihilate several bacterial diseases that have become resistant to most existing antibiotics, including the superbug MRSA, as reported in Nature Microbiology. 

Guys, humanity's not done for completely. New family of antibiotics has been found
arushi: “Relationship goals: Acceptance, with minor revisions.”
pfaendtner: :dog:
arushi: Two people that were not expected in BNS today! 
sarahalamdari: haha woo!
coco: cats from austin
pfaendtner: anyone going to see Black Panther? I have tickets for monday - super stoked! I recommend re-watching Captain America: Civil War (free on nflix) if you are!
pfaendtner: related note: I am going to devote a lot of resource to becoming the next king of Wakanda
cnyambr: Nice try... 
arushi: “Like many scientific advances, Dr. Blobel’s had no moment of “Eureka!” It unfolded over 30 years of painstaking, often frustrating, but occasionally thrilling investigation: a process of building on others’ work, intuitive thinking to form new hypotheses, and testing, using the results to modify his theories, and then testing and modifying again and again.”
wesleybeckner: I wish my name was blobel
arushi: Then you would be a Nobel Laureate too!
anotherjoshsmith: I doubt every blobel is a Nobel Laureate...
sarahalamdari: haha
arushi: <missing_message>
cnyambr: RIP Gunter Blobel
massimiliano.bonomi: massimiliano.bonomi has joined the channel
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: yes
pfaendtner: interesting!
pfaendtner: IMO: quinoa is basically a tie with brown rice, but both are &gt;&gt;&gt; white rice
sarahalamdari: White rice = :hearts:
pfaendtner: glycemic index of quinoa and brown rice is ~50 , brown rice has a bit more fiber, quinoa has  bit more protein [both are comparatively low in fiber and protein vs. calorie load].  For example:  for the same # of calories of broccoli  you get 2X fiber AND 2X protein and the GI is only 15 compared to 50!
pfaendtner: white rice tastes so good but it is soooooo bad for you
pfaendtner: nutritionally it is not that different from eating a reese’s peanut butter cup IMO
pfaendtner: 200 cal of white rice has no fiber, and a glycemic index of 100 - making it among the highest.  This spikes your insulin badly when you eat it and revs up fat synthesis pathways since your body doesn’t know what to do w/all the extra energy
anotherjoshsmith: Pssssh wesleybeckner and I have been bringing quinoa-based burrito bowls from home for months. About time Chipotle joined the party.
pfaendtner: NM - I had the wrong number - steamed white rice is more in the 60-70 territory :laughing:
pfaendtner: so not quite snickers bar land
pfaendtner: we can all agree that vegetables are disgusting
sarahalamdari: Veggies also = :heart:
pfaendtner: :crying_cat_face:
sarahalamdari: Adding quinoa to a burrito bowl just feels so wrong
pfaendtner: :point_up::skin-tone-4: AGREE
pfaendtner: what if we call it a “hippy bowl”
sarahalamdari: haha you granola people can have your hippy bowls!!
luizoliveira: I’m gonna eat only broccolis and chicken during the next 6 months, CrossFit games is coming in August.
pfaendtner: But the CrossFit Open starts today! You need to qualify for the games by advancing to the regionals round and then placing top 5 there. 
pfaendtner: You can do it. I believe in you! 
pfaendtner: Workout 18.1 is:

20 minutes, as many rounds as possible. 

1 round = 
8 toes to bar
10 dumbell hang clean and jerks (55 lb men/35 women). 5 each arm without switching arms. 
Row 14 calories men, 12 calories women 

Your score is the total number of reps you complete in 20 min. So 5 rounds would be 150 for women or 160 for men. 
pfaendtner: Good luck!!
luizoliveira: Thanks!
luizoliveira: I found a great athlete: 
luizoliveira: this guy is also so strong, in so many ways: 
pfaendtner: Sam dancer is ridiculous. He is goofy and super strong.  Last year he got injured and couldn’t make the games 
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: There are already 11 MetaD review articles published since 2006. I am about to publish the 12th
arushi: link?
luizoliveira: yes, please.
anotherjoshsmith: With all the attention going to MetaD, maybe it's time to shift our attention to an exciting new technique like _umbrella sampling_ :dancingbanana:
pfaendtner: Here is what i submitted - for internal group use only until it is published
pfaendtner: I’m making initial inquiries about a 2-day research group retreat in August to San Juan Islands.  Who wants to be on the party planning committee?
pfaendtner: open to other location suggestions - but Friday Harbor Labs seems pry bomb
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Yaaaa never been but I'm sure that place would be awesome in August :heart_eyes:
pfaendtner: I’m probably too late to the game and they will be all full up.  we will see
pfaendtner: right now I told them we want to come for three nights and two days, we will see
pfaendtner: can’t wait to do trust fall!
arushi: OMG
arushi: We have been talking about this retreat since I joined the group
arushi: We need to do itttttttt
sarahalamdari: anyone with the new macpro have their touchbar poot out on them/know a better fix than restarting computer?
anotherjoshsmith: lol `poot`
anotherjoshsmith: haven't had any issues yet, sorry :cry:
sarahalamdari: really??!
sarahalamdari: maybe I need to get mine checked
anotherjoshsmith: I pretty much never use it though :sweat_smile: Do you use it for something beyond sending emojis in Messages?
sarahalamdari: Escape!!! Only for escape!!
sarahalamdari: Probably my least fav thing about the touch bar
sarahalamdari: Like all of sudden I will try and get out of vim…but…cant…. lolz
anotherjoshsmith: Oh yeah that's pretty bad. Never ran into that problem shoooooot
slackbot: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: Also random but did you know you can pull up the “man page” for any command in terminal from touch bar
wesleybeckner: touch bars????
wesleybeckner: i have a hard enough time with the touch pad
wesleybeckner: sometimes my palms with accidently touch it while im typing and before you know it the last two sentences i've been typing in another app
wesleybeckner: so annyoing
wesleybeckner: also y are my palms so big and my figners so stubby
wesleybeckner: :disappointed:
sarahalamdari: haha aww
anotherjoshsmith: wesleybeckner You would not fair well with the new MBP.... touch pad is like 3 times bigger
sarahalamdari: haha true
sarahalamdari: anyone have a fav fremont brewing beer (asking 4 recruitment)
sarahalamdari: (bc they asked me for some reason)
sarahalamdari: ~Mountain Daisy~ *interurban*  it is!
arushi: Wandering Wheat!!!
wesleybeckner: all of them!
sarahalamdari: Did try for wandering wheat! Can’t do kegs of that either
anotherjoshsmith: Garbage Travis commits: the things that dreams are made of.
coco: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: musik 2 my earholes 
wesleybeckner: Just realized I was mistaking Elton John for John Lennon like this whole time
pfaendtner: :point_up_2::skin-tone-3:me with Peter Gabriel and Phil Collins
cnyambr: Too stressed to be blessed 
luizoliveira: haha, I’ve been there. After some years you get use to it. Two things that help, remember that everybody else is in the same boat, hahaha, and work hard to find the bright side of things.
pfaendtner: Anyone in the group want a crockpot?
pfaendtner: ^ PRG from June 2012.  Who can name them all?
luizoliveira: We have to take the 2017-2018 PRG picture. Hey pfaendtner, I’ve sent you an email and then a slack message about it, and other group related stuff, please have a look.
pfaendtner: please forgive me luizoliveira! :stuck_out_tongue: I am leaving tomorrow AM to go to U of Wisconsin for seminar and will be occupied until Wed - will work on it then! Of course my seminar is a mess and I am running way behind on it
luizoliveira: I forgive you :smile:
luizoliveira: good luck with the seminar!
pfaendtner: thanks!
chrisfu: are the people in robes undergrads?
pfaendtner: :thumbsup::skin-tone-4:
pfaendtner: but not the only undergrads in the pic
chrisfu: ok makes sense. otherwise that meant blake changed a ton
pfaendtner: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
kejiawu: Kayla was an undergrad in our group then?
kejiawu: She didn't change at all!
arushi: Found Jim: 
arushi: Jim on record: 
Great watch!!
massimiliano.bonomi: great talk Jim!
pfaendtner: :stuck_out_tongue::stuck_out_tongue:
pfaendtner: I always give great talks in Brazil 
massimiliano.bonomi: :wink:
coco: I studied this video for my qualify exam lol
cnyambr: I'm gonna save the video just in case
wesleybeckner:  the best jam out of 2006
pfaendtner: Theme song to Fast and Furious 3?
kejiawu: Sorry friends I'm really not feeling well and probably would stay in bed today
coco: It’s getting worse for me too :mask::mask::mask: I am not able to come to office today...
pfaendtner: awe - this winter sickness!
pfaendtner:  happy hour for Chris and Arushi next Wed after the DIRECt poster session - 5:30 or 6 pm, I think…. whenever everyone is done
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
kejiawu: What should I do when I find a cat in wild... I mean around my building. Because it looks like trying to find its home and really likes human but I cant let it in:disappointed: (I have roommates). I knocked my neighbor's door but didn't find its owner. Should I call some organizations?
pfaendtner: There are a lot of stray cats in the city.  You can always call the Seattle Animal Control department () if the cat keeps staying around and looks like maybe it is lost or wants to come inside (a sign it is domesticated). They can take the cat to a shelter in case the owner is looking for it
pfaendtner: The retreat is ON! Mark your calendars: Aug 14-17. We will arrive afternoon/night of 14th, and then depart morning of Aug 17 (so two-day retreat)
pfaendtner: this is going to be the boooooommmmmmbbbbbb
pfaendtner: :bomb:
pfaendtner: you will hear from me and Kelly later in the Spring about confirming things, and I will clarify what is going to be covered by me (transportation + housing + most of your food)
wesleybeckner: Stephen Hawking, Who Bridged Science and Popular Culture, Dies at Age 76 - The Wall Street Journal
 sad day:(
kejiawu: Are we gonna have a happy hour today? I probably can't make it... My friend seems got food poisoned or flu or something else and we've stayed at UW Medical Center Emergency for the whole night and haven't figured out why...
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
arushi: oh wow! take care
arushi: will miss you, kejia!
slackbot: wajia kno abou dah?
sarahalamdari: take care Keja!
coco: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Ivanka attempting to end poverty by splicing rich genes into poor DNA. Go science!
pfaendtner: That is pure liquid cruelty 
pfaendtner: Distilled for 100000x potency by the Trumps
pfaendtner: PS, happy birthday, Baron Trump! 
anotherjoshsmith: Looks like wesleybeckner’s old top knot :ok_hand::skin-tone-3:
coco: OMG made my day
pfaendtner: Why has group karaoke never happen?
arushi: Because classical nucleation theory predicts that the occurrence of large nuclei is a rare event!
maneki_neko: Hey guys can I ask where I would buy engineering paper on campus? :joy:
luizoliveira: as of today, are you officially a uw student?
luizoliveira: you can find it at the uw bookstore in the hub
sarahalamdari: Is anyone doing ECS Hack Week?
pfaendtner: no :confused: nobody invite me
pfaendtner: I will probably do Shark Week tho
ldgibson: I'm gonna try to do the ecs hack week
sarahalamdari: Sveet! are you going with a team or solo
ldgibson: Idk, I just realized that I never actually submitted the form, so I need to do that
sarahalamdari: haha oh no! Well its due 3/30 for anyone else interested
arushi: SOMEONE BIT BEYONCE!!
arushi: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: arushi leaves for india and beyonce gets chewed.  coincidence?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: if cockroaches fart, for sure spiders fart too
coco: awwww
coco: He is still a baby!
luizoliveira: is he turning 5 today?
sarahalamdari: this is so cool?! am I late to this ??? do people know this already??? 
coco: yes...10 bucks/month..
pfaendtner: I think they cut the price to 5
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Is it very in fleek to say “on fleek”?
pfaendtner: Highly recommend episode 1 of The Netflix series “Dirty Money”.  Case study in engineering ethics gone wrong. Also Jill and I bought a Jetta TDI in 2009, sorry for poisoning you.  
anotherjoshsmith: Yeah das güd
wesleybeckner: :thinking_face:
pfaendtner: More coco captions!!!
pfaendtner:  I’m going to try out a script I found to clear out all our stored files!
chrisfu: wait what!?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: we are at storage limit
chrisfu: ohh i thought you meant on hyak
pfaendtner: :laughing:
pfaendtner: that would be AMAZE
pfaendtner: I don’t think anyone uses slack file storage but to just trade filesback and forth
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I think you are all going to have to do this
pfaendtner: I’m pretty sure it is only deleting my files
pfaendtner: you need an API token to use it 
pfaendtner:  please respond with an emoji here once you have run the script kayla I need you to do this too because you are still on our slack team and I know we used to share a lot of files back and forth. I’ve deleted 400 files just now and we are still over storage limit.
cnyambr: Zuckerborg 
coco: Yeah.. coco is a very popular dataset
pfaendtner: nice, job you guys
sarahalamdari:  cool!
arushi: PLUMED and useful error messages!!
anotherjoshsmith: Someone should make it easier to setup systems in PLUMED
arushi: I wonder if someone has thought of it
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari will you cure cancer with ILs?!?
sarahalamdari: I don’t know what I’d rather have in my body curing the cancer ILs or cadmium nanoparticles :joy:
pfaendtner: Both!!!
cnyambr: anyone wants to hang at earl's on the ave at 6 pm today? Andrea, Rick and Mike are gonna be there. it'll be my unofficial birthday hangout
ksakloth: I have other plans but hope you have fun!
pfaendtner: Happy birthday!!
sarahalamdari: Happy bday dude! 
kejiawu: Wow happy birthday Chris!
cnyambr: My birthday was yesterday. Didn’t celebrate yesterday, that’s all
ldgibson: Whattt, happy birthday!
ksakloth: happy belated birthday again!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ good reading
anotherjoshsmith: Shoot I should have read it a week ago
luizoliveira: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: guys arushi and I need help picking the right picture for me for the group website , here are some choices
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: my best bitmoji ever
arushi: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
arushi: O M G
pfaendtner: figured you would like that one :wink:
sarahalamdari: :joy:
pfaendtner: here is the best part - this was a christmas photo
luizoliveira: please, keep posting….
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
arushi: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: haha aww!!
pfaendtner: anyone see _A quiet place_
pfaendtner: Just want to point out.  Again. That anotherjoshsmith is so wrong about FloRida
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: "Flo Rida makes a universal sort of dance music that’s rather immune to lyrics and language"
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: :laughing:
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: who is this new purple hulk that joined the avengers? I don’t get it…
coco: hhhhhhhhhhh
arushi: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: so good 
arushi: Guys, if you're not following Kanye West (who is back on Twitter), what are you even doing in your free time? 
anotherjoshsmith: Get your remote workstations prepared in case of strike.
kejiawu: !:heart:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Talking points
pfaendtner: Lets all try to Be Best today
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: not a joke. It is really called “Be Best”
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Laurel or Yanny?
arushi: ikr!
arushi: Laurel
sarahalamdari: Wait I hear laurel :joy: what
anotherjoshsmith: I can’t hear anything that wouldn’t be Laurel
wesleybeckner: yanny
wesleybeckner: weird.
anotherjoshsmith: wesleybeckner you’re lying :sweat_smile:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Play with the speed that you move the slider - what you hear is a function of how fast you move the slider
pfaendtner: I’m hardcore Yanny
wesleybeckner: “All the impressive achievements of deep learning amount to just curve fitting,”  :thinking_face:
arushi: Every Naturejobs Newsletter has a dollop of happiness
wesleybeckner:  sarahalamdari has never seen LOTR
wesleybeckner: who else do I need to unfriend immediately
maneki_neko: *well*
coco: what is lotr?
coco: woo I see...no way
coco: I have not read the book though.
arushi: I think we can remedy this in the upcoming retreat
sarahalamdari: haha oops
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: arushi what is the running time for all three LOTR + all three Hobbit extended director edition?
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: within 24 hrs
arushi: I think we can fit in the Princess Diaries 1 and 2
luizoliveira: we should watch The Karate Kid and Cobra Kai. 
maneki_neko: Wait, what? Retreat?
maneki_neko: O_o
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
coco: ...
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: ```froot="loops"
while froot=="loops":
    print("Follow my nose! For the fruity taste that shows!")
    break```
maneki_neko: Best thing I've done all quarter for sure.
sarahalamdari: :zany_face:
sarahalamdari: based on this very accurate test 
ldgibson: I was literally at 50% of both
wesleybeckner: yeah 52%… :thinking_face:
maneki_neko: Almost 100% A &gt;_&gt;
wesleybeckner: Lol
arushi: Most def an A
anotherjoshsmith: :joy: 52.7% wesleybeckner
pfaendtner: U guys think I am A or not?
kejiawu: 100% A
kejiawu: for Jim!
pfaendtner: :open_mouth: 
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: This artist has been making quite a wonderful painting of the campus!
arushi: Let's get her for a PRG portrait
kejiawu: B17 :thinking_face:

maneki_neko: Summer is definitely approaching when I can start making animals out of my cat. :+1:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
arushi: woah woah
arushi: AWESOME!!
arushi: Someday Sarah will post the same about Wes
sarahalamdari: haha cant wait to run into you in the woods one day wes
pfaendtner: Wow! 
maneki_neko: I think I've found the best professor review.
maneki_neko: &gt;&gt;&gt;Before I took this class I had a cactus and a girlfriend. I spent so much time doing HW that my girlfriend left me for an art student and my cactus died from neglect. I'm more neglectful than a desert.
coco: Made my day Miwa!
slackbot: Miwaka Floka Flame!
wesleybeckner: salts are so kewl guys 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: omg
pfaendtner: OneNote is awesome, you guys.  You can use the program on your computer or web app.  Make sure you login with your UW NetID and password (you may have to enable MS tools in your NetID management, not sure).  Once there,  you can create a notebook and share it with for sharing results, etc…
pfaendtner: (if you are so inclined)
arushi: Sarah and I are killing it
arushi: on OneNote
arushi: Get in on the game, everyyyonnneee
sarahalamdari: :joy: its so fun
sarahalamdari: look what i made guys
wesleybeckner: dyk you can callaborate on ipy/jupyter notebooks with google cloud's datalab?
wesleybeckner: wow
wesleybeckner: .wow.
wesleybeckner: does onenote come with manga stencils?
pfaendtner: I saw that wes
wesleybeckner: :full_moon_with_face:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: this just broke me
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: dress code for men attending the PRG retreat: _established_
anotherjoshsmith: That full sleeve tattoo is gonna be expensive
pfaendtner: you guys r worth it :money_mouth_face:
sarahalamdari: h-bar is closing forever! :cry:
wesleybeckner: :open_mouth:
wesleybeckner: did you tell them there’s no planking way?
sarahalamdari: haha
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: can’t tell who’s who
sarahalamdari: wow where did you get those photos of luke
wesleybeckner: :joy:
ldgibson: Wow, cover's blown
coco: sarahalamdari no way!
pfaendtner: What are we going to do about coffee now? 
pfaendtner: Does that mean Luke(Bernard) is actually a host and he doesn’t know it 
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: can't wait to share these slides with pfaendtner
ldgibson: Easy-on-the-eyes color scheme and a font with no dangerous, sharp edges :+1:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: “A PRG who aspires to candidacy knows to avoid comic sans” - Him
pfaendtner: anyone want a free lunch? If someone is willing to go to Univ Teriyaki or Chipotle, buy lunch and bring me lunch I will also pay for YOUR lunch :heart_eyes_cat:
pfaendtner: I am in meetings all day and uber underfed…
wesleybeckner: im physically incapable of turning down free chipotle
wesleybeckner: where r u located
arushi: What
arushi: Has this expired ?
pfaendtner: it has not expired and is smore urgent than ever
pfaendtner: I am in DSS with Beck
arushi: Hahaha
pfaendtner: chicken burrito bowl brown rice double chicken cheese , salsa, no gauc no sour cream
arushi: Wes is going
pfaendtner: I am dying
wesleybeckner: Hot mild med or corn?
pfaendtner: mild and med
pfaendtner: I mean hot and medium
arushi: Guys, come to Burger Hut
arushi: When you are done :p
arushi: Nikita is here too sarahalamdari
sarahalamdari: :joy:
pfaendtner: Thanks for inviting me :cry:
pfaendtner: arushi ask nikita.grover what grade she should get for research 
pfaendtner: Tell her it is not a “high pressure” situation 
anotherjoshsmith: Haha you’re lying, was nikita.grover really there!?
nikita.grover: I was :joy:
nikita.grover: Me and arushi are somehow always in the same place
anotherjoshsmith: pfaendtner I don’t think they serve soft pretzels 
pfaendtner: Arushi and Nikita have quantum entanglement 
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
daniel: <missing_message>
daniel: time to move all stuff to gitlab?
ldgibson: But what about bitbucket??
anotherjoshsmith: Google drive?
anotherjoshsmith: arushi ksakloth 
wesleybeckner: If you endorse me on linkedin let me know and I’ll hit you back! So far I think I’ve got arushi anotherjoshsmith sarahalamdari ksakloth
sarahalamdari: Did u endorse my microsoft office skills
sarahalamdari: I promise I’m good at it
pfaendtner: :thinking_face: wonder if we should take the boat for a happy hr on friday before I sell it :rightthinkingface:
maneki_neko: My mom bought... bison. @_@ from Safeway??
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: anyone go see Hereditary yet?!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: looks like such a fun family film with lots of laffs. sarahalamdari bet you would :heart_eyes:
sarahalamdari: not even going to open that video
pfaendtner: no bigs. we will watch it on the big screen next time we have a meeting in BSN 251!
pfaendtner: not sure why people think it is scary
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: :laughing:
pfaendtner: as soon as I played that , this video then came on 
pfaendtner: which I bigly love
maneki_neko: EXACTLY what I need to write my thesis in the future. :grinning:
luizoliveira: mainly if u r going to do your PhD in Japan.... 
pfaendtner: last official day of sabbatical and i’m sitting in my office in benson at 7:30 am :crying_cat_face:
kejiawu: :laughing: and how do you feel?
pfaendtner: #SAD
kejiawu: :joy:
kejiawu: Welcome back though!
kejiawu: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: the only thing keeping me company is the business card of Om Prakash :confused:
arushi: OMG
pfaendtner: I’m trapped at the apple “genius” bar. Someone send cold beer and pizza 
arushi: I want Arnold to sign my PhD toooo
maneki_neko: omg
wesleybeckner: lol really don't know how I feel about this 
wesleybeckner: "Machine Learning is one of the important lanes of AI which is very spicy hot subject in the research or industry."
wesleybeckner: tru tru
wesleybeckner: :hot_pepper:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: When massimiliano.bonomi was visiting a raven stole his tobacco and we couldn’t find it. Until this weekend when I saw it in the gutter!
coco: Damn there's no 8.5 bucks buffet on campus this summer!
coco: I think it's because of the strike!
coco: sad
maneki_neko: There were $8.50 buffets?
coco: yeah...every summer!
coco: totally broke my heart....
maneki_neko: I’m so confused. O_O
maneki_neko: I’m sorry!
maneki_neko: $8.50 buffet sounds like a good deal…
sarahalamdari: Newsweek picked up this ACS Omega article  :joy:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Does PRG still have the secret fight club going on? Can I get re-invited now that sabbatical is over
anotherjoshsmith: Don't you know the first two rules of PRG fight club? We're not at liberty to answer that question here
anotherjoshsmith: But yes, you're in
ldgibson: <missing_message>
arushi: great paper titles!
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: A great rendition of one of my favorite video game tracks
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
ldgibson: Classic Matt 
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: just spending time looking up pictures of creepy dolls on the internet
pfaendtner: “I like”
arushi: ehhh
maneki_neko: Looks like Detective Kate from the Castle show.
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
cnyambr: I bet you can't get through a tub of slurm
arushi: ALL YOU CAN EAT!
arushi: At least one PRG lunch herrreeeee
pfaendtner: OMG I just switched to the Google DNS server and websites load 1000x faster than on my ISP
pfaendtner: :older_man::skin-tone-4:
pfaendtner: gotta start acting like a :young_man:
pfaendtner: wish someone would make a bot that wrote my reviews for me
jnnsmpth: jnnsmpth has joined the channel
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I am so in love!!!! GIMME
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
arushi: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Is it ergodic?
pfaendtner: stole a fork from University Teriyaki today :muscle::skin-tone-4:
cnyambr: Michael J. Fox is a BOSS.  lol
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: The nightmare is over, everyone.
wesleybeckner: is 2-1 a lot of points? I'm used to quidditch.
pfaendtner: I really feel like I could smash it singing Hailey Steinfeld at the karaoke.  Just sayin’ 
pfaendtner: Is it cool or weird that the hotels in Wisconsin come preloaded with used bandaids on the blankets 
coco: Looks like a cool padding
sarahalamdari: At the surplus store :joy::joy: 
anotherjoshsmith: Wowww how much is that??
anotherjoshsmith: Nvm nvm didn’t look at it. Pretty sweet deal!
ldgibson: I hope there's not a group chat going on without me right now
arushi: If you want to be in
arushi: We (in Seattle) have a special request from you (in Wisconsin)
ldgibson: And I assume Sarah's already agreed
chrisfu: there is a price for admission
ldgibson: That's how she got in
pfaendtner: nothing to see here
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: Jim at FOMMS! :smile:
arushi: *sources unknown
sarahalamdari: killed it!
ldgibson: Quick snack before the next talk
sarahalamdari: :rage:
pfaendtner: :laughing:
pfaendtner: those look like some legit nachos
sarahalamdari: Didn’t even make a dent 
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: :open_mouth:
arushi: <missing_message>
luizoliveira: haha, great!
pfaendtner: We gotta plan this group retreat! 
arushi: wesleybeckner heads the party planning committee
wesleybeckner: arushi heads the party planning committee
pfaendtner: are you guys 100% sure you want to go? if people aren’t _very excited_ about it we can do something else.  I am thinking that everyone will be giving 2-3 mini presentations over the two days. Subjects:  1) update on your Whitesides paper (or next paper ; 2) prospective talk:  _if Jim gave me $75K to support a PhD or postdoc for 1 year, what would I do w/the $$$_ ; 3) 3,6,9 month research planning (may not take the format of a talk)
pfaendtner: I will be giving a few talks:  1) _state of the group update_ ; 2) _research areas that I am excited about_
pfaendtner: open to other ideas too and I am open to giving other talks, etc.. too.  Some possibilities: 

1) develop a group plan for professional development  and improving writing and communication skills 
2) mini hack-a-thon or work on a project that is ready for some team coding 
3) ??? send suggestions to me or Janani if you have them!
pfaendtner: questions I have: 
1) what should we do for fun stuff/team building.  There is a zip-line course on SJI? other stuff?
maneki_neko: You guys should do trust falls!!
maneki_neko: I want photos! :laughing:
pfaendtner: yessssss!!!! who can catch me?
maneki_neko: Not me! :grimacing:
arushi: I really like all the 3 points for (1)
arushi: Chris and Janani are working on intro stuff for new members of the group. We can have a hackathon for that!
wesleybeckner: suzie's mopeds looks really fun but I think $$$ prohibitive.
wesleybeckner: 3) not the format of a talk so interpretive dance is an option???
arushi: ooh, lightning talks/3-minute thesis
wesleybeckner: symbolic progression of resistance training??
arushi: Well, a talk about working in teams
arushi: And about giving and taking criticism :stuck_out_tongue:
arushi: soo many talks
wesleybeckner: a 3 minute talk on: the most valuable: professional, research, and soft skills we think we've learned in grad school
maneki_neko: If you guys actually do that I would be really sad to miss it. :cry:
houghb: I can help with the fun stuff ideas since I live here :smile:, feel free to ping me by email for a list of ideas if you want to
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
coco: is there any ZJU summer school program going this summer?
anotherjoshsmith: Yup! Might be over now, though. I got home July 21st last year
pfaendtner: it is over - Qiuming and Monica are back
coco: damn..
pfaendtner: Interesting paper on using GPU and KNL for training neural networks.  There are nice files attached showing how to reproduce their work. 
pfaendtner: I just got the BEST SPAM!!! 

_Dear Sir/Madam,
 
I am Sriramaraju from India. We are Business Promoters and conduct the events throughout India.

In August, 2018 we are planning to conduct a South India level Body Building Competition, you can join with us as sponsors. We are contacting all the Businessmen for their participation.

We will publish a magazine and it will release globally. This will benefit you, as it will act as a promotion for your company. So that large number of people will come to know about your company.

If you are interested to join with us in conducting this competition, Kindly contact us and our team will provide you with complete information_
pfaendtner: attached image to the spam
pfaendtner: you guys would love my response
sarahalamdari: you guysss theres a literal bug (like an insect) crawling around in jnnsmpth’s imac monitor :joy:
ldgibson: _inside?_
jnnsmpth: Inside.
maneki_neko: LOL
maneki_neko: I feel more sorry for the bug, honestly.
pfaendtner: get a hammer and get the bug out
pfaendtner: also this
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: The "Jibbs" free energy is directly proportional to the lowness of the chain.

wesleybeckner: To and Fro
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Worth reading the source article on arXiv
luizoliveira: Just saw the Blue Angels over the Space Needle from the library
arushi: HAPPY BIRTHDAY JIMMMMMM!!!
arushi: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Thaaaaaaaanks
pfaendtner: Did u guys read the article on blueberry earth
pfaendtner: cnyambr   At QFC!!!
coco: Happy Birthday!!
pfaendtner: I feel like we need to add a special session to the group retreat where someone explains QAnon to me
maneki_neko: What is QAnon?
maneki_neko: ???
maneki_neko: It sounds like something from Star Trek.
maneki_neko: Does anyone have an eraser that I can borrow? :confounded: I left mine at home and I have a quiz today.
pfaendtner: I am over the moon for the new Dubs Tokyodachi :heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat:
wesleybeckner: Hey guys I’m really ill this am. Unless this takes a turn in the afternoon I’ll probably see y’all tomorrow :(
ldgibson: Feel better! 
maneki_neko: Good luck Wes!
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: #science
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ look at this baller!!!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: The great-nieces and great-nephews of our own Boltzmann. 
pfaendtner: Boltzmann’s mom and aunt turn 10 today!
sabiha3: sabiha3 has joined the channel
pfaendtner: seems legit:
pfaendtner: my dad just posted this. guess it runs in the family
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: This is an abomination.  :ghost: Dorothy McMillin would not be amused
pfaendtner: why wouldn’t they just eat ham?! :prayer_beads: :pray::skin-tone-4:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari :point_up::skin-tone-4:
sarahalamdari: Not listening to it
sarahalamdari: Nope
pfaendtner: jnnsmpth welcome to Seattle.  Summer ends tomorrow. Likely will not reach 80F again until next May, possibly at late as July :neutral_face:
jnnsmpth: Rain is good! I feel like I'm living in an ashtray now.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: hot off the presses!
pfaendtner: Wonder if Michael Cohen just dropped a _bye felicia_ on trump’s voicemail?
arushi: NO pfaendtner!
OMGGGGGGGGGGGGG
pfaendtner: ^ so don’t retweet Dolly Parton anymore? should I have tagged you in it?
pfaendtner: jill retweeted it 1st so I just retweeted her retweet actually
anotherjoshsmith: Meanwhile, in Hawaii... 
wesleybeckner: lol stay safe
sarahalamdari: omg :flushed:
wesleybeckner: I miss thunderstorms
pfaendtner: josh if you get caught in a mudslide make sure you are drinking a Kahlua Mudslide at the time
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Already stocked up on Kahlua :ok_hand::skin-tone-3:
pfaendtner: :pray::skin-tone-4:
anotherjoshsmith: Omgggg first the hurricane warning, now THIS!?
arushi: Damn! Tough break! 
sarahalamdari: Looks mighty tasty!! 
pfaendtner: Looks like an awesome bowl of grape
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: arushi - retweeting Olive Garden better or worse than retweeting Dolly Parton?
pfaendtner: arushi mentioned I don’t need to use so many screen shots
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
arushi: :goodluck-jim:
ldgibson: I like this post
pfaendtner: can probably go a couple hundred deep before we lose the pixels
arushi: PROBABLY
pfaendtner: I have been awake for 8 hours
ldgibson: arushi please stop posting so many screen shots (please see attached image for reference)
pfaendtner: :dorothy:
sarahalamdari: oh heccckkk no
sarahalamdari: nope
sarahalamdari: this is why you get haunted jim
pfaendtner: what are you talking about?
pfaendtner: oh weird, I didn’t even create that!!!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: we need to call in AGHOST
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: do you think we should have :dorothy: participate in C’s interview tomorrow?
sarahalamdari:  lol 
pfaendtner: so good!!! he totally colored the 4th stripe blue
pfaendtner: :facepalm:
pfaendtner: :dorothy:
anotherjoshsmith: Anyone wants a desk and chair?
anotherjoshsmith: very free. best price.
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: you can't have plant
ldgibson: no plant, no deal
sarahalamdari: what a nice plant is that for sale
anotherjoshsmith: i will offer one of the spider plant's unborn offspring.
anotherjoshsmith: if no, i will be giving away to someone else. kkkk lemme know by this evening if ya wanttt
pfaendtner: what is that round thing on the side?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: My friend Krista Walton (hugely successful prof. at Georgia Tech) posted this on FB today and it sparked a good conversation with a lot of her family and friends. I have heard similar things a lot of time from women who are colleagues and other students:  women struggle to be alone while traveling because men feel entitled to talk to them for a variety of reasons
wesleybeckner: Also free
wesleybeckner: ikea and really nice matress. matress did me a solid for the past 4 years
wesleybeckner: bed is dissasembled, very easy to transport
pfaendtner: a few things:
1) this is incredibly stupid that women have to endure this ridiculous behavior. It also creates legitimate feelings of being unsafe.
2) I’m a 6' tall white guy. I’ve always been left alone every time I want to be because I just put my headphones in and/or look angry and people don’t talk to me when I am at the airport, traveling for work, etc.  I have never had to think about this one time.
3) If this has affected you, there are effective strategies for helping to deal with this issue and travel on your own terms and decrease the likelihood you get bothered. In a perfect world nobody would have to think about this. But our world is far from perfec :neutral_face:
pfaendtner: You guys are my family and I’m here to help if something like has ever affected you - just reach out and we will work on it together!
jnnsmpth: Thanks Jim.
maneki_neko: Thank you Jim. :slightly_smiling_face:
sarahalamdari: Thanks Jim, this is awesome.
sabiha3: Thanks! It means a lot to hear this from you.
pfaendtner: Let’s play find the creeper 
arushi: Ahhh
anotherjoshsmith: GLA
wesleybeckner: This man has lived off the grid for 20 years—here's how - National Geographic

pfaendtner: Somebody today told me they looked at my group website to try and find out what we do :facepalm: 
pfaendtner: arushi I just retweeted Dolly again. Can you see if it is ok?
arushi: Let the group decidddee
arushi: Chris and I are chilling!
pfaendtner: What’s Obama’s favorite vegetable?

Barackoli

:smirk2: 
maneki_neko: Please no.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ldgibson chrisfu look at pubs. Reaction mechanisms!
ldgibson: infrequent metad
wesleybeckner: dont ruin hp luke
wesleybeckner: this persons color coded emails are *rachet*
pfaendtner: green and blue doesn’t really work in this case
sarahalamdari: YOU GUYS. Death to MATHEVAL. ONLY USE COMBINE.
arushi: YEAHHHH
pfaendtner: :laughing:
pfaendtner: MATHEVAL is only if necessary
pfaendtner: ^ is this accurate? Were we _pleased_ to welcome jnnsmpth?!
pfaendtner: there is a guy vacuuming hundreds of yellowjackets out of my attic right now
arushi: It's wrong!
We were _elated_
_ecstatic_
_overjoyed_
arushi: Also, post doc appreciation week is Sept 17-21
arushi: Buy your fav postdoc a coffee
sarahalamdari: Aww! Thats so nice
pfaendtner: when is Arushi appreciation week?
jnnsmpth: Ooooh! nice.
jnnsmpth: Free coffee on all days :joy:
ldgibson: I think Arushi appreciation week is from Jan 1 - Dec 31, or something like that
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: here is an article about Arthi!
jnnsmpth: Nice!
pfaendtner: Be smart this weekend! 
pfaendtner: anyone watch that new show on Amazon where Jim from The Office pretends to be in the CIA? It looks terrible but apparently millennials are really supposed to like it.
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Actual footage of Jim talking to Josh Luke Arushi and Wes yesterday morning
pfaendtner: guys mendeley is pretty good. I guess I will just switch :shrug::skin-tone-4:
pfaendtner: My AIChE annual meeting registration costs $699 / year.  :face_vomiting:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Dear arushi, why have we been spelling your name wrong all these years
arushi: damn
arushi: 
#productivity
pfaendtner: Wish I could do this :/ wonder if Alex Jen from UW is on the list 
anotherjoshsmith: "We're gonna need to WORK [work, work, work, work] the thermodynamics." -Manda Williams
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari :

The molecule you trajec 
The important variables u collec 

But most importantly 

The best reaction coordinate u detec
pfaendtner: ^ best one EVER
sarahalamdari: trololol
sarahalamdari: winner
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: It's official!
sarahalamdari: I didn’t know Sesame Street was so controversial :joy:
pfaendtner: :laughing:
pfaendtner: why does it matter?!
wesleybeckner: is anyone elses Upass not working?
ldgibson: yeah
wesleybeckner: If anyone has unused space nearby let sarahalamdari know, she's looking for extra places to put her stuff
sarahalamdari: :facepalm:
wesleybeckner: :stuck_out_tongue:
pfaendtner: what happeN?!
pfaendtner: “Dear Jim

In the spring national meeting of ACS to be held in Orlando, Florida from March 31-April 4, 2019, myself (UMD), Ao Ma (UIC) and Wei Yang (FSU) and are organizing a 3-day symposium titled “Sampling conformations and pathways in biomolecular systems - Recent developments and applications”. A detailed theme for the symposium is provided below.

We would like to invite you to present a talk regarding your work at this symposium, and would be delighted if you could join us. Could you kindly let us know if you can / can not join, by replying to us latest by the 30th of September?

We note and apologize that at the moment there is no financial support available to cover travel or other expenses for invited talks.

With best regards
Pratyush, Ao and Wei

Theme: Computational modeling of biomolecular systems provides crucial atomic level insights into various possible conformations and pathways that these systems could adopt, along with their quantitative propensities. However, several challenges remain, especially in the prediction of long time mechanisms from short time simulations without relying on chemical intuition. This task requires a fundamental understanding of dynamics occurring at multiple spatiotemporal scales in complex systems. Recent years have witnessed exciting progress in both algorithmic developments and computing technologies, which offer promising new directions to tackle the related challenges. Through this symposium, we would like to gather the major contributors to the field to summarize the progress that has happened so far and discuss the remaining issues and challenges ahead.”
pfaendtner: *However, several challenges remain*
pfaendtner: that phrase is professor gold
pfaendtner: I probably use it in every grant :laughing:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I distinguished P-Hacker
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: would be fun to analyze this together and see if we come to the same conclusions - or any of this guys other bajillion retracted papers
pfaendtner: The WaPo article above references a a blog post where he basically admits P-Hacking here ()
pfaendtner: guys this hummus I am eating tastes “a little fermenty” - kinda bubbly and acidic.  concerns?
cnyambr: <missing_message>
cnyambr: I only go for darker colors
pfaendtner: Grey is just so much better! I wonder how much marketing research has been used in the making of all those bottles 
pfaendtner: Glad I am not in this house 
arushi: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: I feel so PNW rn
sarahalamdari: ew haha
sarahalamdari: is that coffee flavored?
wesleybeckner: I think it's supposed to be :joy: but it tastes like kids' chewable multi vitamins
sarahalamdari: :face_vomiting:
pfaendtner: I’ve been watching Tomb Raider (2018) for less than 5 minutes and it seems like one of the worst movies ever made
pfaendtner: Lara Croft’s 1st problem:  she trains in a boxing gym instead of CrossFit :angry:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari is the rage reaction because you liked Tomb Raider (2018) ?
pfaendtner: Or that my time is being wasted
sarahalamdari: Haha 
pfaendtner: Tomb Raider’s dad is giving her stitches with a dirty fish hook. Mebbe she survives the adventure but tetanus gonna get her in the end :thinking_face:
pfaendtner: arushi I am getting lost in the details writing this letter ot the CoMSEF vice chair
pfaendtner: :laughing:
pfaendtner: now I can just submit that gif
arushi: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  B17 and B51 people what speeds to you get on google speedtest off your wifi?
ldgibson: on wifi
sarahalamdari: lol
chrisfu: i win!
ldgibson: I live in a dead zone apparently
pfaendtner: wow
pfaendtner: sarah should be the average I guess
anotherjoshsmith: B17 B uploading slow
sarahalamdari: haha what is happening
sarahalamdari: b49 is the bermuda triangle apparently
pfaendtner: I have to buy this
anotherjoshsmith: Sweeeeet, we should be able to stream HD vids with multiple devices in the office :tada:
chrisfu: same here, provided we are not at Luke’s desk
pfaendtner: look how bad it is on the 3rd floor
ldgibson: :open_mouth:
pfaendtner: so weird! that adapter was $20 off if I accepted 2-day shipping but not $20 off if I asked for free 1-day shipping
ldgibson: ????????????????
sarahalamdari: This channel is getting rowdy
pfaendtner: someone need to do machine learning
pfaendtner: NOW
pfaendtner: get Mpbs download as f(PRG descriptors)
pfaendtner: “Everyone dreams, but not equally. Those who dream at night, wake in the day to find that it was all vanity. But those who dream during the day are the dangerous ones, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make it possible.” – T.E. Lawrence
chrisfu: but waking up at 4:50 AM just to “dream during the day” feels like cheating….
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: This is my good buddy from grad school, Lynn Rogers.  We used to train for marathons together and she is the reason I started CrossFit :laughing:
pfaendtner: Last year she got bit by a dog and after getting rabies treatment she developed a chronic autoimmune disease called CIDP
pfaendtner: 1 year ago she was in a hospital bed unable to move her legs
pfaendtner: she is running the chicago marathon this weekend - watch the BoA commercial. And get some kleenex
sarahalamdari: woaaahhhh!!
ldgibson: that’s crazy!
pfaendtner: she visited seattle June and we worked out together and she did like 80 barbell thrusters at a weight of 55 lbs or higher. She is kind of an unstoppable beast that I don’t really understand :laughing:
sarahalamdari: Thats amazing
wesleybeckner: looks like a good1 
jnnsmpth: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I made our website redirect to 
pfaendtner: josh dint like it
pfaendtner: :angry: :dorothy:
pfaendtner: so it is just normal again
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari liked the breitbart redirec
pfaendtner: When u wake up and a ChemE prof at CalTech has a Nobel prize in her pocket!  

I think it is the first time a ChemE wins! 

Great job Francis Arnold
maneki_neko: My Upass is working fine?? I used it on the bus recently…
pfaendtner: do people still wanna do quality headshots for linkedin / group website?
pfaendtner: I have a quality camera that we can use if you do
pfaendtner: :dorothy:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: this is insane
pfaendtner: like I can’t even understand most of it
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Another article about my friend Lynn! 
jnnsmpth: Inspiring!
wesleybeckner: yeah definitely. no excuses!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: wesleybeckner   No excuses :point_up_2::skin-tone-3::point_up_2::skin-tone-3:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: our space is full again
wesleybeckner: I always get so confused where the sip hole is!!!
pfaendtner:  reminder to always cite Ilahie [if used] and Hyak
pfaendtner: in your acknowledgement
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Just a cool space needle bong
pfaendtner: I’m streaming the Seahawks in HD on my flight to detroit. don’t really understand how this is working but thanks reddit!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: lol the voldemort part
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: rm -rf *traj* *COL *edr* *HIL* **log ***slur *
pfaendtner: can anyone see what happens when you are tired and your finger slips on space bar?
anotherjoshsmith: uhoh...
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ BTW I did it. And it erased all the files :confused:
coco: I did it once too.. maybe twice.. it usually happens when you have worked all day and almost done and very tired.... once I just want to remove some redundant files....
coco: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: :joy:
pfaendtner: removed an integration from this channel: 
anotherjoshsmith: The food court here is fire :fire::fire:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
arushi: Sometimes Mendeley really messes up
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: I ha updated the details of the first paper - and it changed the name to "Maintaining a healthy rhythm"
pfaendtner: Maybe it is not a mistake tho 
pfaendtner: Dear  Professor Jim Pfaendtner
My name is Thinnaphat Deedetch. Now I’m studying in the faculty of engineering, Kasetsart University, Thailand. I have read about your research interests and I would like to talk about clean energy. I heard that some of the top universities is researching about how to produce clean energy from cigarettes. I don’t know whether you interesting in this research topic or not, but if you interested, I would like to send cigarettes from my country for you to have a research about clean energy from cigarettes. But if you don’t interesting in this topic, at least please reply my e-mail and let me know.

With fully respect,
Thinnaphat Deedetch.
anotherjoshsmith: I’m down to take on the project
wesleybeckner: lol wowzers
chris.mundy: chris.mundy has joined the channel
arushi: HI CHRISSSSSSS!!!!
sarahalamdari: Hey Chriss!
anotherjoshsmith: :wave::skin-tone-3:
wesleybeckner: :dancingbanana:
wesleybeckner: Chemistry is the language of nature. Boom.
coco: wow another chirs!
wesleybeckner: this guy is like the spirit animal of my undergrad dept 
cnyambr: 

pfaendtner: WHEN YOUR PI GETS APPOINTED TO THE ADVISORY BOARD OF JOURNAL OF CHEMICAL &amp; ENGINEERING DATA
pfaendtner: could you even be any prouder?!
pfaendtner:  anotherjoshsmith sarahalamdari jnnsmpth
pfaendtner: this is hot stuff - I want to implement a99SB-DISP asap as possible
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: I'm planning to attend this tonight. Just thought i'd throw it out there again in case anyone else is interested!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: What do you guys think of this?
coco: <missing_message>
coco: pfaendtner You should like this pic!
pfaendtner: Meanwhile a reminder from my sister that that _You Don’t Choose The Michigan Life. The Michigan Life Choose You._
arushi: Look at Sarah gooooo!
sarahalamdari: And this cutie! 
pfaendtner: YASSSSSSS QUEENS 
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: GIANT MUNDY chris.mundy 
arushi: hiii
ldgibson: everything looks to scale
coco: Went trick and treat yesterday and got some candies.. they are on miwa's desk
slackbot: Miwaka Floka Flame!
anotherjoshsmith:  Anyone interested in an informal HH tomorrow!? Maybe 5/5:30 at Schultzy's?
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
cmashraf: cmashraf has joined the channel
pfaendtner: I don’t think I can make it, shoot!!!
wesleybeckner: Freezer treasures
pfaendtner: Did the hotdog evaporate

pfaendtner: #AIChE 2018
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: PRG when we get a new grant
pfaendtner: esp 1:28 when the cash comes out
pfaendtner: 


pfaendtner: sarahalamdari  :point_up_2::skin-tone-3::point_up_2::skin-tone-3::point_up_2::skin-tone-3::point_up_2::skin-tone-3::point_up_2::skin-tone-3:
jnnsmpth: Gosh. So creepy.
pfaendtner: I think u mean precious 
sarahalamdari: Lol. No 
sarahalamdari: Just why 
pfaendtner: my sister in law sent it to me
chrisfu: the link or the actual thing?
pfaendtner: the link
pfaendtner: I just offered her $15 for it
pfaendtner: GROUP MASCOT
chrisfu: RCC is looking for a mascot, i bid $20
ldgibson: Need I remind you that RCC has a total of $1 to its name? 
chrisfu: hasn’t stopped us yet
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: NO DICE
pfaendtner: I was absolutely going to hide that thing in Sarah’s desk
chrisfu: so that 90k is earmarked exclusively for nodes?
pfaendtner: we can order 360 of the dolls :heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat:
sarahalamdari: hahaha omg, no
sarahalamdari: Gabrielle is not amused
jnnsmpth: “this isn’t a hand me down walmart baby” :joy: :joy:
pfaendtner: She is right. One time I had a hand me down Walmart Baby
pfaendtner: the rest of the story
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I think I succeeded in giving a response that is creepier than her doll
jnnsmpth: Omg, the horns glow in the dark. Nice touch, that.
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari how much can you contribute for the deal demon baby
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: At least we ended amicable
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: OMG Jim! Stop haha
sarahalamdari: This is so mean
pfaendtner: why?!
pfaendtner: I did stop - we left it on good terms!
sarahalamdari: I cannot believe you lol
pfaendtner: And honestly, if someone did ask me about getting me a nice Christmas Gift (_hint hint ldgibson_ ) I would recommend this
sarahalamdari: Omg lol
sarahalamdari: No
sarahalamdari: Absolutely not
pfaendtner: the baby is sweet
pfaendtner: and hand painted
sarahalamdari: Weird
ldgibson: jnnsmpth what's the Bindra budget number? I need it for reasons...
pfaendtner: Gonna be an awkward thank u letter this year...
pfaendtner: I have already consumed 2000 calorie today
pfaendtner: best email of my week.  every week.
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: ^^^GDP by country since 1960. bonkers
wesleybeckner: ML doodle
coco: hahaha
sarahalamdari: :joy:
pfaendtner: THE FUTURE IS HERE
pfaendtner: Has anyone watched that new show “God Friended Me” ?
pfaendtner: SWoftware for Online Learning of Energy materials:  SWOLE
anotherjoshsmith: Where do I sign?
pfaendtner: ^ just login w/your cable provider and watch God Friended Me , it is on CBS sunday nights
pfaendtner: :man-shrugging::skin-tone-4:
pfaendtner: Boasts a 60% on Rotten Tomatoes, which is pretty solid IMO
pfaendtner: Also maybe one of the worst plot lines I have ever heard of, but I’m just trying to get the word out
anotherjoshsmith: :joy:
pfaendtner: u guys. I am dialing up a sweet surprise for you all on my seminar on monday
pfaendtner: as sarahalamdari would say, it will be so ON FLEEK
sarahalamdari: hahaha hero music?!
pfaendtner: I don’t think the department could tolerate that
pfaendtner: but if they could there would be a smoke machine and hero music
pfaendtner: good guess tho
wesleybeckner: Someone on aurora came within inches of hitting me on my walk home just now. Y’all be safe this holiday. 
wesleybeckner: :purple_heart::chicken:
ldgibson: :open_mouth: glad you're OK! 
coco: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: this reminds me of the time we made Sarah get haunted by :dorothy:
sarahalamdari: :joy:
pfaendtner: 

Shot by shot remake with PRG on the Link. 
ldgibson: the guy with the shoe acting like a globetrotter is definitely the best
pfaendtner: lol what is that new workspace icon? it is too small to see
jnnsmpth: Ah, my mistake, I tried creating an emoji and changed the workspace icon instead! I'll change it back to what it used to be
pfaendtner: what emoji were you creating?
jnnsmpth: :huehug:
jnnsmpth: Hue Jackson hugging Gregg Williams. It's too small, lol
arushi: :goodluck-jim:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: coco look. They turnt it into Christmas Jamboo
pfaendtner: anotherjoshsmith 
sarahalamdari: What did I just watch.
sarahalamdari: I think thats going to be stuck in my head all week
sarahalamdari: Is that where coco jambo comes from
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: YQ
pfaendtner: the original Coco Jamboo is a dance hit from the 90s
pfaendtner: it is jamboo , mis-spelled on the youtube clip: 
pfaendtner: 1st dropped by Mr. President in 1996
pfaendtner: not sure when they laid out Christmas Jamboo ,
orion.dollar: orion.dollar has joined the channel
pfaendtner: WARNING:  I FEEL _WILD_ TODAY
arushi: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  WATCH. THIS. NOW. 
coco: When it speaks. it sounds like TED bear = =
pfaendtner: i think ted was seth macfarlane , pika is ryan renolds
coco: Oh now it sounds like deadpool!
rhodese: rhodese has joined the channel
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: hehehe
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
k1liu: k1liu has joined the channel
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: :point_up::skin-tone-3:Sarah this seems in your wheelhouse 
pfaendtner: Hypothetical: how many ChemE advisors post to slack when they are 4 deep at the karaoke :microphone:?!?!
ldgibson: My guess is `&gt;=1`
pfaendtner: Dude.  Mariah Carey. All I Want For Christmas. Just Slayed It.  
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
arushi: lololololo
pfaendtner:  last meeting ran late. En route 
pfaendtner: guys, we gotta pick the right hero music or I am gonna bomb this.  I'm thinking X Gonna Give It To you for my entry?
pfaendtner: ldgibson you are on smoke machine
jnnsmpth you are on glitter guns
sarahalamdari: T-shirt cannon
jnnsmpth: Glitter!
jnnsmpth: lol
pfaendtner: we are gonna bedazzle the whole room beforehand
sarahalamdari: what is this for?
pfaendtner: :neutral_face:
sarahalamdari: :grimacing:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: check email
sarahalamdari: ohh!!!!! omg
sarahalamdari: TSHIRT GUNNN
pfaendtner: :laughing:
sarahalamdari: can we all wear our shirts
ldgibson: Is that even a question 
pfaendtner: I"m going full Jobs: white sneaks, jeans, black turtleneck
ldgibson: You're going to open up with pictures of Gandhi, MLK, and you as an inquisitive child, right? 
pfaendtner: :laughing:
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: What about laser lights???
orion.dollar: <missing_message>
orion.dollar: I think you should do some scaggs
lemmoi: lemmoi has joined the channel
coco: I always like this as entry music
coco: <missing_message>
coco: we have a group shirt?
jnnsmpth: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: coco, we decided to get t shirts made after the summer group retreat!
k1liu: are we going to print this paper on t shirts?:scream:
pfaendtner: feedback request: i need an abstract for my talk on thursday. wondering if I can just submit this Black Eyed Peas song?
sarahalamdari: haven’t written that many abstracts but im gonna go with no
pfaendtner: :rage:
pfaendtner: SAD
sarahalamdari: :woman-shrugging:
pfaendtner: what about this for my bio
pfaendtner: Biography:  :sunglasses:
pfaendtner: grandpa pfaendtner :heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat:
anotherjoshsmith: If that's really your grandpa, that might be the best family photo i've ever seen.
pfaendtner: it is! Walter James Pfaendtner I - my namesake
pfaendtner: I don't know where he is riding. But i hope it is to the butcher shop to get some horse steak made
anotherjoshsmith: certainly looks like a man who knows his way around a steak
pfaendtner: LOL
pfaendtner: dude pfaendtners have no problem getting THICC
pfaendtner: I'm going to coffee right now in LSB - meet me in the lobby in 20 seconds if u wanna go
anotherjoshsmith: Happy hour with the Nance group is TODAY! Remember to bring ID to werk if you want to walk over with the group
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
pfaendtner: Send me a Venmo request for money for a pitcher and a picture of you with the nance group and I will pay! 
anotherjoshsmith: _when you think you're tuned in with 20 minutes left until happy hour, but a finger slip betrays you_
pfaendtner: I think I speak for all of us when I say: good luck arushi
arushi: Thank youuu
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: :scream:
cnyambr: Hats off to the man in the top hat :tophat: 
pfaendtner: PRG for the plumed pubs win!!! massimiliano.bonomi is jealous we beat him :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:
jnnsmpth: Noice!
sarahalamdari: Haha woah cool 
jnnsmpth: Good luck JIM!
sarahalamdari: GOOD luck ~Arushi~ Jim 
arushi: Good luck JIM!!! 
ldgibson: Good luck Jim! :goodluck-jim: 
pfaendtner: I’m bringing dorothy with me, but she promises to be quiet
anotherjoshsmith: With :dorothy: for you, who can be against you?
anotherjoshsmith: Good luck!
anotherjoshsmith: 4 years of erroneous Ariba reimbursement notifications later...
pfaendtner: dorthy was so trixy making my laptop not work :neutral_face:
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: coco I would do the same for u guys 
pfaendtner: Thanks everyone who came to my talk today. It was great having support in the audience :) also congrats to sabiha3 !!! MASTER
wesleybeckner: Packing the most important threads!
pfaendtner: we will miss you WASSSSSSLEEEEEE
ldgibson: We gonna let the brown chair go to surplus? 
anotherjoshsmith: Is there room in B49 for now? I'm happy to help with the rescue mission
sarahalamdari: yeah we can squeeze her in here
anotherjoshsmith: In case anyone is new to white elephant, here are the OFFICIAL rules (according to the first link turned up by a google search): 
ldgibson: idk if I trust a White Elephant ruleset from a site named after a completely different gift exchange game
anotherjoshsmith: The folks at  are the authority on all things jolly
anotherjoshsmith: Pretty sure this falls within their jurisdiction 
ldgibson: yeah, those rules check out :+1:
coco: It looks like stealing after business hour..
coco: How many gifts each person bring?
anotherjoshsmith: Just one!
wesleybeckner: is Jude coming?? He can help distribute!
coco: When are we leaving
coco: I am taking a uber with kailei  anyone join us? OR any one would kindly take us :relieved:
cmashraf: jnnsmpth and I will be taking the bus from campus
ldgibson: The bus is pretty much an XXXL Uber
coco: We will take bus too
coco: The one at 5:49 looks good
k1liu: where’s our new office?
cmashraf: Is that a 31 or 32?
coco: 31  == 32 I think
anotherjoshsmith: 31 = 32 - 1
ldgibson: I can't find my Ti-84 silver edition, but that looks right to me
coco: the one at 5:49 is 32
cmashraf: Lets leave in 5 mins then coco
coco: there's a 31 at 6:08
coco: cool!
anotherjoshsmith: Where: 3219 22nd Ave W. [easily accessible from UW on the 31 or 32 bus. 31 goes right in front of our house. 32 is about a 5-10 min walk away.  The last 31 leaves for UW at 9:24 pm and 32 busses run until after midnight] 
anotherjoshsmith: Short walk from 32, 31 goes right thurrr
cmashraf: We are heading towards the bus stop
ldgibson: Which bus did you end up getting on
k1liu: we are still waiting


k1liu: i think the next one will be 31
cmashraf: No bus is showing up, we are taking uber
cmashraf: We are on 31
arushi: Thanks for having us over and throwing a great Christmas party, Jim!! :D 
pfaendtner: you’re very welcome! It was super fun - I love hanging out with you guys.
coco: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
coco: It’s a paper from UW
anotherjoshsmith: :joy:
anotherjoshsmith: coco Jim posted this yesterday haha
coco: haha nice
pfaendtner: Hey guys.  This was a thing in my childhood 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: It’s sorta frightening when they show the close ups of the blonde chimp singing :joy:
pfaendtner: But also pretty amazing 
cnyambr: <missing_message>
ldgibson: seems like a ploy to win the TechCrunch Disrupt
a97drewz: a97drewz has joined the channel
pfaendtner: :smirk2:
pfaendtner: yup. I still hate “smirk2”
daniel.b7575: daniel.b7575 has joined the channel
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: OMG announcing your promotion on LinkedIn when you have &gt; 800 random connections is the best
yy6linda: yy6linda has joined the channel
pfaendtner: The prisoner of Azkaban is here with me at Ezell’s
a97drewz: Ollivander is that you?
leonz: leonz has joined the channel
sheadan: sheadan has joined the channel
tludwig8: tludwig8 has joined the channel
ldgibson: omg, I also got Ezell’s last night
arushi: did you get chicken or chick'n
jnnsmpth: lol
jnnsmpth: Chick'n goes well only with Benji
prelj: prelj has joined the channel
wxq910: wxq910 has joined the channel
pfaendtner: awe Benji - he is probably already down south for the winter
pfaendtner: remember when Seattle had a good football team and I had a crock pot.  Also my dog is amazing.
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari - check it out. The seattle ghost hunters found their creepy doll stood up all by itself!! :heart_eyes::heart_eyes::heart_eyes::heart_eyes::heart_eyes::heart_eyes:
sarahalamdari:  No 
sarahalamdari: Who would make that doll omg. So creepy 
ldgibson: definitely doesn't look like a hand me down walmart doll
pfaendtner: decor for my new chairs office?!
pfaendtner: that doll is totally saying “_bye felicia_” in that photo
pfaendtner: I wonder if I could hire AGHOST - Advanced Ghost Hunters of Seattle Tacoma to do a team building event like a ghost hunt on campus
pfaendtner: Sarah! You got retweeted!
pfaendtner: guys big news. I’ve scored 1451 kills so far in Assassin’s Creed: Odyssey  :fire:
sheadan: It’s been exactly one hundred days since the game was released, which means 14.5 kills per day. Productive!
maneki_neko: I can't believe that series is still alive. My favorite was brotherhood. RIP Ezio.
pfaendtner: Ezio was fine, but Kassandra is totally savage in comparison. U have no idea how many different ways I can murder ancient greeks
maneki_neko: I'm pretty sure I have a good idea.
maneki_neko: Isn't she supposed to be a Spartan?
pfaendtner: Yeah she says she was born Spartan but doesn’t really care anymore...
pfaendtner: Pure glamour 
sarahalamdari: Aww :heart_eyes::heart_eyes: how does he see :joy:
ldgibson: Echolocation 
sheadan: The student group I work with, Materials Research Society @ UW, is hosting a get-to-know-us meeting right after PRG, at 12:30 pm in MolES 115. There will be sandwiches and snacks. Feel free to come!
pfaendtner: ya’ll check this out - almost a decade old email I was able to find :slightly_smiling_face:
jnnsmpth: Nice!
sarahalamdari: aww!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Guys, this is worth reading whether or not you have seen Katelyn Ohashi perform or not (but do watch the clip in this article).  

We often get caught up in doing things a certain way, making deadlines, rat race, etc. but how often do we really do things with true _joy_?

I am at my best at my job when I get the chance to be grateful, love what I’m doing, and just have joy at doing it. I want this for you all too. 

Most of our days we practice, train, struggle. This is fine. But keep looking for the days when it all clicks and you get to just do your thing with unbridled joy.  It’s worth it. Trust me.  

Also let’s all be like her teammates are. If we can cheer each other on half as well as they do, we will be twice as good for it. 

Keep after it! 

PS If you have no idea what I’m talking about, but you want to know more, just let me know. Or we can talk about it at GM!

anotherjoshsmith: New Slack logo freaked me out this morning :scream:
pfaendtner: me tooooooo
rgebhart: rgebhart has joined the channel
cnyambr: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Classic ^
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ an instant new classic.  I wish I could buy one for everyone in the group
pfaendtner:  in case u didn’t know. Right now is the peak of the lunar eclipse and it is perfect clear. Go outside. 
coco: Red moon eclipse
coco: <missing_message>
coco: It is the best I can get from my phone :joy::joy:
coco: <missing_message>
coco: But my friend got a good shot with SLR
sheadan: If I took that picture, it'd be the best picture I ever took
chris.mundy: Very cool… My Daughter Sophie is out in the driveway with her DSLR (she got it for X-mas) learning about how to take the pic.  I cannot help unfortunately..  But this is a great inspiration… Hopefully tomorrow we will have another chance and I can share.
sarahalamdari: anyone have a usbc to vga/hdmi adapter I can borrow from 1:30-2:30
pfaendtner: cool news: twice in the last week we have found human feces on our property
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: About to start filming American Vandal Season 3 over in Magnolia
pfaendtner: lol u guys
ldgibson: does our research count as _super-cool research_?
pfaendtner: NO
pfaendtner: _SUPER-DUPER-COOL_
coco: We are parallel tempered so we are both COOL and :fire:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: do you guys know about this?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
cmashraf: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: And then 3 more years to appear online?
ldgibson: At least the journal name is completely unambiguous 
coco: #Me writing with a postdoc
coco: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
sheadan: Should we petition to shut down UW but keep WSU open?
sashby: sashby has joined the channel
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Here is a stark summary of where things are in Assassin’s Creed.  Basically I murdered my father, brother, step-brother, and mother.  :grimacing: _my bad, fams_
anotherjoshsmith: Never trust a man with a Caesar cut and a beard. Nikolaos had it coming.
pfaendtner: I like that they email these updates
coco: <missing_message>
coco: Folks are skiing on the quad:skier::skier::skier:
pfaendtner: Power is out in Magnolia. I am worried I will have to go full Tauntaun on Boltzmann :cry:
slackbot: woof!
anotherjoshsmith: ^^^ slackbot with the dark sense of humor...
pfaendtner: Sweet dreams 
coco: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
coco: Thinking about what people were doing the day before.. it is not fun
sabiha3: This is such a tragedy! 
maneki_neko: I'm honestly freaked out thinking I might have walked past her? All the cheme juniors walked past that fountain on the way to heat transfer just before this happened. :disappointed:
maneki_neko: I really hope her family and friends are gonna be okay. This is surreal.
pfaendtner: This is really awful. Everyone please be so careful and walk slowly. Sarah and I were walking by MolES right when this happened there was so much ice - it was really treacherous.
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: They recently updated the article with a cause of death: pulmonary embolism from deep vein thrombosis
maneki_neko: King County ruled her death as accidental.
pfaendtner: Filed among: things I never thought I would see 
sheadan: Gross
orion.dollar: New tax plan: extort with nudes
coco: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: lol burn
coco: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Why do Pythons live on land?
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: did you watch it coco? how is it?
coco: It’s the best I have seen in 5 years.. I have watched it twice this weekend. It’s a hard science fiction but got &gt;2 billion box office in one week…
coco: pfaendtner Have you read The Three-Body Problem… If not, it will blow your mind. :fire::fire::fire: 2015 Hugo Award for Best Novel
coco: Recommend to everybody who love science:laughing:
coco: <missing_message>
coco: Wandering Earth is another novel from Liu.. We have been praying that Hollywood could make a movie on 3-body so that we won’t ruin it with cheesy production.. But Wandering Earth gives us hope.
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Will check it out! 
orion.dollar: I'm still wondering why Pythons live on land
anotherjoshsmith: Because they're above C level
coco: LOL
pfaendtner: anyone want to place bets on when UW will call it for tomorrow?
pfaendtner: orion.dollar only 55 mins!
orion.dollar: :crossed_fingers::skin-tone-4:!
anotherjoshsmith: I’m with orion.dollar. It’s imminent 
pfaendtner: dude you voted with only 41 minutes left
anotherjoshsmith: Lower likelihood. Bigger payout.
cmashraf: Currently, the weather pattern around Seattle is very interesting. Looks like we are going to have a prolonged period of rain from this evening. In that case UW might wait till tomorrow :stuck_out_tongue: 
pfaendtner: Curious to see if it actually does start raining!
pfaendtner: Traffic map looks on point
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Congrats cmashraf arushi 
pfaendtner: Big winners
sabiha3: Haha
k1liu: I received message too. Congrats:dancingbanana:
cmashraf: Well, looks like my predictive model worked, though I had only one data point
coco: <missing_message>
coco: One data point is enough
jnnsmpth: They should’ve given the rain a chance though.
coco: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: Lol
coco: Snow Buddha
sabiha3: guys.... don't come to campus tomorrow. the trees in front of life-science building just fall down
pfaendtner: wha?!
pfaendtner: Is that between Benson and LSB?
sabiha3: I saw the tree fall down.... it's scary
sabiha3: yes
pfaendtner: yikes
sabiha3: all the tree branches is bending a lot cause of the heavy snow
coco: :cold_sweat:
coco: I was going to fight a raid battle there…
sabiha3: I did it today and now I am in benson trying to go home safely lol.
coco: I am going home now
coco: Is one bus away working today?
sabiha3: Avoid the school area, they are trying to close down the road.
pfaendtner: I get so many emails trying to sell me peptides from China!
pfaendtner: One time I wrote back and asked for 100kg
sheadan: Don’t forget to introduce him to your friends
coco: <missing_message>
coco: If school is cancelled for so many weeks… will UW refund tuition?:expressionless:.. Or are we finally going to learn how to survive in snow
prelj: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: that is so good
pfaendtner: coco go inside and take some pics!
coco: It’s some little creature’s home. Don’t want to trespass:rightthinkingface:
pfaendtner: ^ do you mean an undergrad?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
arushi: Someone open the 2nd floor please ? 
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
coco: Ruuuuuunnnnnn!
coco: <missing_message>
coco: That’s how it begins
k1liu: You definitely need this
coco: <missing_message>
coco: My five years old niece will lose her mind.
pfaendtner: I never saw the 1st one - is it good
coco: It’s pretty :cool:
orion.dollar: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: kayla?
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
arushi: lolol
pfaendtner: I feel like the top Kayla is taking me to the uncanny valley of Kaylas
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: kayla is next level at “managing up”. She does it instinctively without working too hard at it. Be like Kayla.  
pfaendtner: My neighbors must love me
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: still a lot of work to do , but this is a nice article
coco: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: Lol WHAT
sarahalamdari: No way 
coco: Anyone want to do some EXPERIMENTS? :female-scientist::skin-tone-3:
pfaendtner: i have been doing this since grad school!
pfaendtner: it is so cool!!!
pfaendtner: no! since undergrad!
pfaendtner: I’ve been lightninging grapes since 2001
coco: Have you simulated it too?
pfaendtner: with CP2K
pfaendtner: THIS IS A TOTAL OUTRAGE
cmashraf: should they use `Metadynamics`?
anotherjoshsmith: Maybe suggest using AI to boost efficiency?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: U guys. Fatbergs are so amazing and gross 
pfaendtner:  let me know if you are planning on submitting an abstract
prelj: Of course it's in Salem
sheadan: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: For those of you who haven’t yet been added to the @vittles channel... Informal happy hour tomorrow! There’s never a bad day for happy hour, but NATIONAL MARGARITA DAY seems like an especially good one
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
sarahalamdari: Waittt whattt 
coco: haha!
coco: <missing_message>
coco: To-be continued sci-fi story..
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: omg submitting jobs from my iPhone!? yes plz.
sarahalamdari:  CVs are so 2018
cnyambr: Where is the happy hour?
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
cnyambr: What time is it?
slackbot: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: lolol Slackbot pwns.
anotherjoshsmith: Whenever people are ready to roll from Benson. Sometime after 5pm. We don't have a place set in stone. I guess Schultzy's unless we have a good reason to go somewhere else!
slackbot: <missing_message>
cnyambr: Are y’all heading to Schultzys
sarahalamdari: yass!!! come down we'll wait
sarahalamdari: leaving soon
sarahalamdari: leaving now
arushi: <missing_message>
arushi: Join us at Schultzy's! 
pfaendtner: Awe.  My FOMO about not getting to come was real. Although you guys look like you have more fun than when I’m there :man-shrugging::skin-tone-3:
cmashraf: <missing_message>
ldgibson: whoa, that's enough for like... 7 nodes on mox
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: guys , we only get 3.5 more days with arushi
pfaendtner: :sob::sob::sob:
coco: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: Oooh!
pfaendtner: DETECTIVE PIKACHU IS HERE 
pfaendtner:  how hard to setup an outreach event at engineering discovery days with VR and molecules?
pfaendtner: :heart_eyes_cat:
pfaendtner: VR!
sarahalamdari: omg! no idea but that would be so fun
pfaendtner: I can pay for the rig
pfaendtner: we could have a 3D ball and stick model, a 2D model on VMD on the screen and then the VR
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
arushi: david glowacki
arushi: <missing_message>
coco: Can we get a sponsor from hololens?
anotherjoshsmith: OMG free cookies in B17! Get 'em while they're room temp...
maneki_neko: I'm so hyped for Detective Pikachu &gt;O&lt;
pfaendtner: I know Glowacki - he can help us with the VR thing
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: yes, this is the Glowacki I know
pfaendtner: u guys. start writing papers for RESULTS IN ENGINEERING
cmashraf: Misspelled Jim's name and found this guy
jnnsmpth: :joy:
ldgibson: that’s really messing with my head to see that last name
pfaendtner: ldgibson
pfaendtner: New sign for B17 :heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^^ would love it if you would all take a minute and read this!
maneki_neko: I've officially peaked in my academic career. I'm citing myself as a primary source for Asian burial practices. It's all downhill from here.
pfaendtner: miwa is that your heat transfer homework
slackbot: Miwaka Floka Flame!
maneki_neko: It is totally my heat transfer HW. Pozzo is very innovative with her teaching methods.
anotherjoshsmith: “...assume the body is a semi-infinite slab.”
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ another application of GANs!
pfaendtner: don’t forget, guys! pass this one around. Daylight Saving Time is coming.
anotherjoshsmith: do you believe in life after daylight savings?
anotherjoshsmith: "...i can feel something inside me say, i really don't think it's *light* enough ooohhh..." :musical_note:
ldgibson: I found a poster with the title in comic sans. I guess I know who's winning the poster session. 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
a97drewz: He took me to Flavortown when no one else would
pfaendtner: I miss wesleybeckner
wesleybeckner: :joy:
wesleybeckner: miss my group was wearing my PRG shirt this morning
wesleybeckner: also sarahalamdari Houston is not Texas be sure ldgibson knows
ldgibson: I left sunny Seattle to go be in rainy, overcast Houston for 3 days. How does this happen 
ldgibson: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
maneki_neko: Clearly it's your fault for bringing the Seattle weather with u
pfaendtner: whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat
lemmoi: anyone go to comic con this weekend?
coco: wow
coco: sakura con?
lemmoi: Nah I think that's in April this year. Emerald City comic con was this weekend
pfaendtner: Sentator Cantwell and Brad Smith. Heavy hitters! They are telling us about quantum technologies 
pfaendtner: State Rep Derek Kilmer - “I’ve seen the movie quantum of solace twice” 
jnnsmpth: He did not say that :joy:
pfaendtner: I swear he did
pfaendtner: he also said “I am pretty sure that quantum computing explains the first three terminator movies”
jnnsmpth: Hahaha!
coco: what?
coco: I was thinking  Ant man
sarahalamdari: if anyone is still around and wants to help w/ tear down we at south ballroom!
coco: Do you still need help?
pfaendtner:  there is a lot of leftover food , come get a plate!
pfaendtner: corin said you guys were interested in the leftover situation :slightly_smiling_face:
sarahalamdari: the leftovers are in b17
sarahalamdari: Y’all this is so funny :joy::joy:  google “Florida man” followed by your birthday
ldgibson: Police: Florida man, 88, burns raccoon over eating mangoes
prelj: Florida man with no arms charged with stabbing tourist
ldgibson: Wow, impressive 
pfaendtner: Christ Killer, Florida Man, Open Veins, Guests at The Kraken Bar .
coco: Florida man, 72, tries to mow down neighbor with tractor during dispute, cops say
cnyambr: John Cho and Karl Urban learn about Five Guys 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: ^^^ top of next year's secret santa list
coco: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: OMG can we get a group photo?!
jnnsmpth: Yes! we need a group photo for the website!
coco: wow good idea!
coco: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: A spoof paper got published in a high impact factor journal 
pfaendtner: Make sure u see figure 6
sarahalamdari: ~whats a spoof paper~ lol
pfaendtner: Lol Sarah!!
pfaendtner: Just got an email from the hotel at ACS in Orlando.  While you are all dying of jealously remember, _don’t hate the player, hate the game_
ldgibson: Mini golf?!?
pfaendtner: Just tweeted about this and tagged all of ACSOrlando :laughing:
wesleybeckner: eating popcorn in a pool ???
wesleybeckner: jnnsmpth  it was #impossible
pfaendtner: Wes have u had impossible burger? It is ok 
wesleybeckner: haven’t tried it yet!
pfaendtner: I had it as burger, as taco, as etc.
maneki_neko: I had an impossible burger at Fatburger and it was really salty :open_mouth:
pfaendtner: U guys should go to ace. Lots of simulation talks!!
pfaendtner: ya’ll, things gonna get LIT at AIChE 2019 sarahalamdari kayla jnnsmpth ldgibson
pfaendtner: 25 sessions in parallel in one big exhibit hall.  Everyone had to wear little earpieces and whisper into a microphone.  #CONFERENCING at its finest.  sarahalamdari ldgibson jnnsmpth
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari lol
pfaendtner: people were so mad, Charlie Brooks went CRAZY, he was like “I JUST GOT HERE 1 HOUR AGO. AND I’M LEAVING IN 2 MORE HOURS. THIS IS RIDICULOUS”
pfaendtner: . ldgibson 
ldgibson: Pretty interesting, I'll check it out!
ldgibson: I wonder if #metadynamics is ever trending :thinking_face:
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: :scream:
wesleybeckner: should we watch this???
wesleybeckner: I’ms cared
lemmoi: rhodese thanks for the cookies :joy:
rhodese: That was all Georges!!
sarahalamdari: anyone have a good cheat sheet for knowing thermal flucs of bonds,backbone rmsd,etc at 300K?
pfaendtner: this is good knowledge to acquire!
pfaendtner: you can learn it from a protein simulation and just calculating it in the VMD :slightly_smiling_face: :slightly_smiling_face:
sarahalamdari: lol me lazy
pfaendtner: y ?
sarahalamdari: haha i’ll make me own cheat sheet
jnnsmpth: :joy:
pfaendtner: these sorts of “rules of thumb” for MD are really important - just like people doing reactions (ldgibson sabiha3 cmashraf) should be able to rifle off typical bond strengths, etc…
sarahalamdari:  Samir Mitragotri was here last week, cool!
sarahalamdari: Wait this week he was here this week
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: chris.mundy explain this
chris.mundy: I am super cool.  And write great series like Ozark.
pfaendtner: Have you seen Ozark? it is dark but i like it
chris.mundy: Yes.  Total Linny and Bates fan.  Wierd ending though.
pfaendtner: I hven’t seen end of latest season
pfaendtner: don’t spoil it
chris.mundy: I won’t.  We lost Jacob.  Damn
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: gonna go out on a limb here and preemptively ask Sarah to go back a slide
ldgibson: but how will going back a slide even scale?
wesleybeckner: I think if we were to go back a slide, and scale, we'd want to be right in that overlapping sweet spot.
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari 
sarahalamdari: I’ve been warning people all week 
sarahalamdari: And Wes is still disappointed every time 
anotherjoshsmith: You poor soul :cry:
sarahalamdari: I don’t need your pity!!
anotherjoshsmith: Look at this man in the eyes and tell me you aren’t ashamed of taking no part in the worldwide cultural phenomenon he’s birthed...
cmashraf: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Looks like a crappy pumpkin at Halloween 
wesleybeckner: ^actual slide from my general exam. tough crowd, tough crowd.
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: MIDNIGHT COOKIE COMING
jnnsmpth: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: Omg lol! “Beta writer” 
sarahalamdari: I was embarrassed by my ugly code @ group meeting -&gt; please refer to this for loop on how to properly subplot a bunch of data (and save urself a bunch of time)
jnnsmpth: Noice!
pfaendtner: Nice job Sarah! Don’t be embarrassed. You were doing a lot just to get results in a short time for LB
sarahalamdari: Writing that for loop took less time than my nasty code :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
sarahalamdari: Lesson to all
pfaendtner: Here is another lesson to all 
coco: <missing_message>
coco: before Planet of the Apes
prelj: "The planet of the apes... wait... that was OUR planet!" -- H. Simpson
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Find something dumber than this
pfaendtner: addressing the obvious issue with the lack of a snitch, the article reads… _but here, a neutral player who runs with the snitch, a tennis ball held in a sock attached to shorts — is captured, with the team with the most points declared the winner._
pfaendtner: I can’t even
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: How’s this?
pfaendtner: I can get behind Hobby Horsing and would love to try it. At least there are no tennis balls attached to shorts.
pfaendtner: I was a little skeptical until I saw the dressage halfway through. Now I’m all in
pfaendtner: PSA: my mac hard drive got totally clogged with weird cache files from time machine. I cleared around 300GB of shit and the whole thing is running way faster, esp. things that need spotlight or other fast searching
coco: <missing_message>
leonz: :joy:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith: Wildfire cocktails for the premiere last night!
anotherjoshsmith: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
leonz: Can’t argue with stop global warming
pfaendtner: wow -they received 6000 abstracts to AIChE in Orlando.  :fire:
jnnsmpth: COMSEF alone??
pfaendtner: no all of aiche
sabiha3: Too sad I didn't contribute to that lol
pfaendtner: don’t ever forget to go big when you get to put your headshot in a journal article
anotherjoshsmith: You talking about James's decision to lose the tie?
pfaendtner: obvi
pfaendtner: what is currently your favorite music choice?
pfaendtner: I have been listening to classic Ska for the past few months (1st wave) :man-shrugging::skin-tone-4:
anotherjoshsmith: REGGAETON :tada: 
anotherjoshsmith: I would specifically direct you to Ozuna... might not be for everyone but it’s most definitely for me
coco: 

coco: Frankenstein pig
pfaendtner: :bacon::clowntown::bacon::clowntown::bacon::clowntown::bacon::clowntown::bacon::clowntown::bacon::clowntown::bacon::clowntown::bacon::clowntown::bacon:
prelj: LIVE pigs are voracious, just imagine their version of zombie :skull:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: This is from my cousins Facebook feed.   Keep in mind next time you feel you are having a bad day.  
jnnsmpth: Oh.my.god. :joy:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
ldgibson: First simulation of over a billion atoms, apparently 
prelj: gadzooks
cnyambr: Lol, 1 ns/day
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: Avengers wasn't the most ambitious crossover I guess.
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ldgibson that is madness!! Karissa S broke the record for one of the largest simulations circa 2007 when I was a 5th year PhD student. But it was around a million atoms then :slightly_smiling_face:  MD simulation of the ribosome I think. She also has an amazing ted talk!
maneki_neko: I'm so excited for the detective Pikachu movie it's not even funny. :hushed: I WANT ONE. :cry:
pfaendtner: Detective Pikachu is going to be so good.  I’m shaping my whole May 10 around it
wesleybeckner: What's it rated? maneki_neko are you old enuf?
maneki_neko: Sorry I'm not a grandpa like you are. I'll check my birth certificate.
wesleybeckner: :joy: :cry:
maneki_neko: :laughing:
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: Pretty much my reaction to proteins.
coco: I am still shocked every time the pikachu open his mouth and Deadpool’s voice come out….
coco: Who is going to watch Endgame this week?:woman-raising-hand:
pfaendtner: Going Saturday! Thanos gonna dieeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
coco: I am going to have a Avangers+GOT Endgame Combo on Sunday…:metal:
coco: <missing_message>
cnyambr: Is anyone still at the DIRECT happy hour?
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
pfaendtner: Dave Beck just sent me this 
ldgibson: He would be a MTG player
coco: <missing_message>
coco: donno if you guys got this
ldgibson: Are people still at happy hour?
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
wesleybeckner: Ya is they?
coco: search for thanos and click the glove
coco: <missing_message>
cmashraf: Will this be good or bad?? 
pfaendtner: 

U guys remember that time poop was cereal?
anotherjoshsmith: gimme dat
coco: <missing_message>
coco: Know nothing and very tired... remind me of my PhD life
coco: <missing_message>
coco: This one sounds really like westworld but still awesome bgm
lemmoi:  first detective Pikachu, now this
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: another reason to like bacon 
cmashraf: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: that moment realizing I've had Jim's last name spelled wrong on my github profile for like 3 years. -_-
maneki_neko: Uh so I found a bike tire pump valve on the undergrad desk so if anyone's looking for that I put in the top drawer?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  thank you for the delightful card. I laughed out loud at least 3 times!
pfaendtner: My friend keeps trying to get me to follow this guy on twitter
pfaendtner: ldgibson :arrow_up_small:  seems like your wheelhouse
ldgibson: I never knew being a multi millionaire and watching star wars were mutually exclusive
pfaendtner: that car tho :drooling_face:
anotherjoshsmith: Almost as cool as the graphic tee...
pfaendtner: ^ actual photo of josh’s outfit @ his defens
anotherjoshsmith: Close. Will be wearing black leather pants to match the jacket.
pfaendtner: :heart_eyes_cat:
coco: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: coco on a scale of 1-10 how excited are you for the picachu movie??
maneki_neko: I AM SO. HYPED.
coco: Got next Tuesday $5 ticket at AMC@UD
coco: wesleybeckner Look at my profile pic, that’s how excited I am
sabiha3: Don't they only have 5 dollar tuesday tickets for AMC A-list members?
coco: Probably true. My friend has membership 
coco: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: this website :drooling_face:  so cool 
maneki_neko: She's the new faculty right?
maneki_neko: I think her CV said she knows fortran and I was super impressed...
anotherjoshsmith: one pager makes me dizzy tho...
ldgibson: yeah, that’s the only thing I don’t like about it
sarahalamdari: lol!
pfaendtner: guys Boltzmann might be coming to visit between 2:30 and 3:30 when I am with the 10 YR committee
slackbot: woof!
pfaendtner: Jill is going to bring him to B17 and I will get him after my meeting with the committee
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: BIOQUANTUM GEOMETRIC HEALING
pfaendtner: ldgibson chris.mundy prelj
prelj: "The Mystery Schools are a timeless, ageless, omni dimensional philosophical teaching"
pfaendtner: “We are Shamans accessing information through dream time”
pfaendtner: ^^^ this is the new ChemE tagline!
prelj: It's almost hilarious except it's not a joke
pfaendtner: I knew you were going to say that, having accessed your future thoughts through dream time
pfaendtner: 

Someone please explain this at a group meeting a show us how it works. Wonder if we can apply it with metad and reweighted samples 
pfaendtner: I have some idea about easy test system
sarahalamdari: VR is set up if anyone wants to come by and play :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
ldgibson: Good luck to anyone who thinks they can beat my record
lemmoi: does anyone know where the 'Electified God Molecule' graphic setting in vmd is?
prelj: Coulomb's Law --&gt; Zeus's Law
jnnsmpth: <missing_message>
anotherjoshsmith:  There’s a bit of a celebration at Flatstick Pub in Pioneer Square tonight if anyone is free!
wesleybeckner: :raised_hands:
coco: <missing_message>
coco: The sailor moon now looks cooler 
wesleybeckner: loool :joy:
rhodese: If anyone would like to come, we are playing pickup soccer today at 4! 
pfaendtner: I thot you couldn’t use your hands in soccer
rhodese: Special kind of soccer where you actually only use your hands... pretty crazy.  
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Wish they sold t shirts. I smashed a chicken fried steak and biscuits and gravy this AM in Texas 
pfaendtner: Omg that was the worst 
pfaendtner: Updating Jaime Lanister’s wikipedia page
pfaendtner: dreamin’ of those great hair days
ldgibson: you still make the same face when the midnight cookies arrive for group meeting
pfaendtner:  add a thumbs up if you want to join the PRG WChE Field day team on Sat June 1 10 am  - 12:30 pm
pfaendtner: if we have too many people we can add multiple teams
pfaendtner: Matminer  wesleybeckner yy6linda ldgibson sabiha3 cmashraf
pfaendtner: I would be interested in comparing nested cross validation with the version we use that is usually based on bootstrap
pfaendtner: could be a fun mini ug project and blog post
pfaendtner: :man-shrugging::skin-tone-4:  :dorothy: :clowntown:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: whaaaaaaaaaaaat automatic machine learning
pfaendtner: I’m killt
coco: we should have a group blog or twitter
pfaendtner: I think you guys should just tweet from my account :slightly_smiling_face:
maneki_neko: Does everyone just have access and it's a free-for-all xD
pfaendtner:  have a great weekend and try and unwind a bit.
maneki_neko: I'm getting mixed signals here
maneki_neko: So I should do all the work my phone usually does for me :thinking_face:
pfaendtner: :man-shrugging::skin-tone-4: it was just a little motivational thing. don’t overthink it
maneki_neko: :nerd_face:
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ was that paper written by a robot
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: *win 30K, take PRG 2 vegas*
pfaendtner: DOIT
coco: :raising_hand::skin-tone-2:
leonz: can we please do this:joy:
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: This hurts on an existential level. :confused:
pfaendtner: Hyphens in paper titles harm citation counts and journal impact factors

coco: <missing_message>
leonz: feeling really sick can’t come to group meeting today :disappointed_relieved:
jnnsmpth: Feel better!
pfaendtner: u guys I just opened an article that I am reviewing.  The PDF is 1,951 pages
anotherjoshsmith: Is George R. R. Martin the corresponding author?
wesleybeckner: i hope there are pictures
ldgibson: Maybe 1900 of them are "intentionally left blank"
prelj: "Now, let me read for you the entire genome in sequence: AATGTGTCCTATAGATGT..."
wesleybeckner: 

Seattle got me like...
wesleybeckner: all i want to do is tell ppl about my gpu enabled tensorflow install
sabiha3: Did you install 1.13 or 2.0?
wesleybeckner: 1.9; it's what worked with my cuda drivers
lemmoi: I got it going on my 1070Ti on my desktop at home
ldgibson: what are the ssh credentials? for if I wanna train something on your desktop
lemmoi: ip is 127.0.0.1 and password is hunter2 you can thank me later
cmashraf: Enough science for today

sabiha3: lol
pfaendtner: so good
ldgibson:  lots of free food (Mediterranean and sushi) in the data science studio. Best of all, there’s not even a talk that you need to feel obligated to attend, it’s just a social hour to celebrate the end of the year.
sarahalamdari: omg what
sarahalamdari: yes
pfaendtner: chris.mundy I mis-spelled your name.  Sorry.  :pray::skin-tone-4: :prayer_beads:
prelj: Christ:pray:
sarahalamdari: In Christ, we trust
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari do you remember this doll? It is still available to buy on Facebook.  kellythornton do you know if we can use RCR for this?
sarahalamdari: AbsoLUTELY not 
prelj: It's like the talking stick: if you want to speak during PGM, you must be holding the baby
pfaendtner: ~holding~  :point_right::skin-tone-4:  *cuddling *
sarahalamdari: Oh my god no 
sarahalamdari: Absolutely not 
pfaendtner: anyone have an iron?!
prelj: Like... not *right now* though lol
pfaendtner: :laughing: was definitely meaning right now
anotherjoshsmith: I can bring my handheld steamer?
pfaendtner: I learned last night that there is a whole online sub-community devoted to handcrafted “reborn baby demon dolls”  sarahalamdari ldgibson — might consider making your own for your general exam.  Or at least google image searching “reborn baby demon doll”
pfaendtner:  check out SoftwareX - Roland Faller apparently just published a new version of acepype.  
cnyambr: You have one job...  
pfaendtner: guys I have been thinking about this for awhile:

wondering if people want to collaborate on research problem related to social good. Maybe we could do a hackathon at the group retreat and figure out if there is a research path forward where the work we do in PRG could help address a real societal issue.  The work we do is important and intellectually really interesting, but with the exception of James and KaiLei there is often not a direct line to human benefit…..
pfaendtner: My idea is that we would pick a topic in advance, maybe spend some time reading some papers and discussing , maybe in a separate slack channel , and then see if we can refine things to a digestible side project  (?)
pfaendtner: I’ve tried things like this before but haven’t been super successful :laughing:
pfaendtner: :man-shrugging::skin-tone-4:
pfaendtner: The group retreat is probably already over-full sabiha3 can let me know if we need more things to do
pfaendtner: I was specifically thinking about the price of Insulin and whether there are bio/chemical bottlenecks to lowering production costs
pfaendtner: but open to anything
cnyambr: I really like this idea! I’ve always thought about how there are twitter bots that post fake news. Why can’t there by an algorithm where that promotes under covered news stories on a certain social platform. A twitter bot that posts articles automatically regarding a certain topic not covered in mainstream media and has little attention
cnyambr: Harness the power of the twitter bot for good, to increase awareness on critical issues
cnyambr: Idk though. Just another idea 
cnyambr: Speed-peeling garlic  I had to share this with y’all. This might be life changing
pfaendtner: Ya’ll, this guy is looking at the pressure, the hot part and the cold part
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
ldgibson: Most people underestimate the cold part
wesleybeckner: Feeling really ill this am. I may try to come in later but not sure:(
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari this could be a good group activity / movie we all go see together
davidcj: davidcj has joined the channel
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: u guys - TEAM BUILDING ACTIVITY AT FRIDAY HARBOR
ldgibson: Idk, I don't normally get my helicopters from ebay anymore
cnyambr: <missing_message>
ltorp3: ltorp3 has joined the channel
prelj: This is the underside of a sawshark, looking super judgmental
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  esp. ldgibson , please take a minute to do your safety training and watch this video.  I had to watch it when I started as an engineer at 3M
sabiha3: Whyyyyyyyy
ldgibson: omg
ldgibson: but I always use pallets to help _stabilize_ my ladders
pfaendtner: PRG summer challenge: who can watch the whole video without laughing or looking away
prelj: Currently underway
pfaendtner: can’t do it solo has to be in a group
ldgibson: these are so brutal
maneki_neko: Absolutely fascinating.
prelj: Burn it into my brain. In the name of S A F E T Y
pfaendtner: 3:13 is my favorite
ldgibson: wtf was that guy welding a gasoline drum??
maneki_neko: Starting a petition to replace all Home Depot training videos with this one
pfaendtner: NO MORE OVERTIME, HECTOR
prelj: The youtube channel has a dancing spongebob as their icon and that just seals it
pfaendtner: ldgibson which timestamp?
ldgibson: 4:14, like what did he expect to happen there??
pfaendtner: Luke - they always say “_welders gonna weld_” can you really blame him
pfaendtner: The gas cyclinder rocket is pretty amazing - unlikely you would be able to direct it at that guys jaw all the way across the factory floor
wesleybeckner: does anyone else accidentally use ipython shortcuts in word?
ldgibson: Yes, and vim commands in ipython
pfaendtner: how u use ipython in word
pfaendtner: i don’t believe that
pfaendtner: orion.dollar I found a real entropic binder
orion.dollar: that things definitely increasing the disorder
pfaendtner: ya’ll, I don’t think my spine is supposed to be so curvy when viewed from frontal plane :neutral_face:
prelj: <missing_message>
prelj: It's because of all this dough you're rollin in
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
prelj: Tag yourself. #TeamBear
orion.dollar: #boglove
wesleybeckner: #sweatpoo
ldgibson: #amgood
cmashraf: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I am ready to buy the group a Python
pfaendtner: actual photo of ldgibson once we get the Python situation taken care of
pfaendtner:  oh hell yes
pfaendtner: ldgibson sarahalamdari are you allowed to just ask the snack czar for snacks anytime you are hungry?
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: where VAE research has taken me ^^^
ldgibson: for you _casual readers_ out there
wesleybeckner:  incase we weren't using ML for the right reasons :smirk:
sarahalamdari: Oh hell no 
davidcj: I took the quiz. It's creepy
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: omg lol what a fl00f
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: So ridiculous 
davidcj: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: 4.11 minutes :confused:
davidcj: Hey now, you’d see he actually gets it done in 3:08 if you watched :( 
ldgibson: That's not really her style tho
pfaendtner: This is all of us 
prelj: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Wingman
pfaendtner: scores?  I made a 15 only :neutral_face:
davidcj: <missing_message>
davidcj: Hilarious and interesting
sarahalamdari: What do we want 
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
prelj: Hyperoperations are the new math
pfaendtner: someone schooled me saying I shouldn’t buy from amazon on prime day :neutral_face:
sabiha3: we do need to buy hard drives for backup our desktops.
sabiha3: jnnsmpth Should I send you a link? I think at least both Chowdhury and I need one.
jnnsmpth: Sure!
sabiha3: How big is external drives for everyone? should we look for 1~2 TB or 4 TB ish?
ldgibson: Michael Scott Motivational Quote Poster - You Miss 100% Of The Shots You Dont Take - Wayne Gretzky Quote - 11x14 Unframed Print - Office Decor - Great Gift For Fans Of The Office TV Show 
ldgibson: Just sayin...
pfaendtner: Housing Opportunity
Free rent for work
My current housemate/good friend is moving to California at the end of the month to be closer to loved ones and I'm interviewing replacements.  Here's the deal:  I own a 6 bed, 3 bath house on the Interbay side of Magnolia.  I have two rooms that I list on Airbnb and am working on renovating a third to list.  My rooms are usually booked solid from around March/April til September-ish.  As you can imagine, it takes a good amount of time and effort to keep things up and running.  My housemate is responsible for room change-over for guests half of the week and I the other half.  We usually clean and do chores together one day a week and both work to maintain clean common areas and do laundry throughout the week.  This is how things currently work and how I would like to continue to run things with a new housemate although details are negotiable.  

Interested applicants would need to be a super clean, tidy, neat freak with an eye for detail (like me ;) ).  It is a smoke and allergen free home.  420 friendly (just no smoking in the house).  No cats or dogs.  Small, hypo-allergenic pets are negotiable.  

I work in the arts and would love to help out another artist because we all know how hard it is to stay afloat in this city especially while trying to have a career in the arts.

Feel free to ask questions in the comments.
DM me if interested.
Serious inquiries only please.
pfaendtner: Interesting free housing opp in Magnolia. I know the owner of the house. She is eccentric and funny. The place is just a few blocks from me so right on the 31 bus.  Feel free to share around and have people contact me if interested 
lemmoi: Im doing a deep learning workshop at pnnl and got to use a gpu on their cluster :heart_eyes:
lemmoi: They use slurm too so I already knew what was up
ldgibson: I bet their slurm is actually working, too
pfaendtner:  y’all. Time to celebrate WAB’s PhD! He has selected Fremont brewery.  Tomorrow 5:30- ???????  Everyone is welcome, including undergrads and summer visitors, can you thumb up if you are going to go so Wes and I get a rough headcount. I think Kristina is not yet on slack can you tell her? 
kmherman: kmherman has joined the channel
pfaendtner: kmherman WELCOME TO SLACK AND THE FIRST DAY OF THE REST OF YOUR LIFE
wesleybeckner: Brew crew catching the 31 in 5 mins
ldgibson: I'll catch the bus at an earlier stop
sarahalamdari: Related to the grant davidcj wesleybeckner  were working on? 
davidcj: Oh yeah that paper is bombbbbbb.
slackbot: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: I actually did not think using NLPs for that was possible :joy: so dope
pfaendtner: Sarah was trashing my look 
pfaendtner: P
sarahalamdari: :thumbsdown: 
pfaendtner: I look like Paul Blart mall cop 
pfaendtner:  davidcj pack your bags. You can only access this in. New Delhi
ltorp3: Newbies went for a hike! Poo Poo Point :hankey:
jnnsmpth: Nice! What a beautiful view of Rainier :mount_fuji:
pfaendtner: dang what a great day for hiking! nice job!
sarahalamdari: Love this! 
pfaendtner: U guys. Has anyone else watched Los Espookys on HBO?! I’m obsessed.  It is squarely in our group humor wheelhouse 
pfaendtner: At least episode 1 
pfaendtner: Y’all, the spices on my flight menu are in HCP :heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat:
wesleybeckner: Does anyone want my ebike for $500? Bike alone is worth $1000 from rei. Kit was $1200. I can’t find a shipper for the battery and I know for a fact I won’t use this in Houston. Will have to pick up from rei they are doing a tune up. 
sabiha3: I would be interested 
sabiha3: wesleybeckner 
wesleybeckner: :call_me_hand:
pfaendtner: I would like to offer $500.25 so I can sell it to Sabiha for $501.  
pfaendtner: apparently openmm is way way way fast for MD on GPUs.  would love it if someone wanted to play with it and try it out and do benchmarks against GMX for exact same systems 
pfaendtner: just straight MD , same protocol on both sides of the benchmark - no plumed
pfaendtner:   look @ these scaling plots
wesleybeckner: i committed double homicide this afternoon and swiped my windows/ubuntu user profiles on THE MACHINE. for those who are tempted to play with great power... the user accounts are PRG User and passwords are isolemlysweariamuptonogood

tap F11 in boot menu to switch between ubuntu/windows.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Get your free $125 
davidcj: <missing_message>
davidcj: pretty nice series
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
ldgibson: when did the cookies get stolen from this office
prelj: They were in B17 when I arrived at 8am sooo:joy:
ldgibson: this sounds like the work of either sarahalamdari or jnnsmpth
jnnsmpth: Or both! Or neither. Maybe you just planted it in B17
ldgibson: I would never. I’m far too honest for that level of deceit.
pfaendtner: I like cookies 
ldgibson: coffee and chips at GM today
ldgibson: late notice, but here it is
cnyambr: <missing_message>
cnyambr: I would really appreciate if y'all took the time to watch this entire video. It's 20 minutes and communicates what I think racism is. 
sarahalamdari: Thanks for sharing Chris! 
sarahalamdari: I love google’s suggested captions.
wesleybeckner: Data dum but I think reading really encapsulates how I feel. I’m a huge fan of this research group. I think we’re going to produce great people and I miss you all already. I am so confident that you will miss this too when you leave. You’re around the most capable people, who are curious, and wanting to change the university, the department, the world, for the better. And you have a leader who, when I started, was willing to have a third party come in and evaluate. That’s so unprecedented. Big changes come from the gut. I have so many stories from how this group stood for women, for diversity. I’m so proud to be just a part. I can’t wait to see where you guys go. And how we do. Stay strong, believe in this. Check your references. As busy as Jim gets he’s knows what’s good for you :v::spock-hand:miss you guys
sarahalamdari: :two_hearts::two_hearts: we miss ya dude!! #prgforever
ldgibson: If you're ever back in Seattle, we have Jim's old office for you to sleep in!
jnnsmpth: Aww :cry:
pfaendtner: :v: safe travels and stay in touch 
pfaendtner: Idea for a science outreach project courtesy of Lima museum of contemporary art 
pfaendtner: ^ u guys are so lazy 
pfaendtner: This is A MACHINE THAT MAKES SODA WATER FROM YOUR PEE
pfaendtner: WHY IS NOBODY MAKING THIS WITH KAMERON. RIGHT. NOW. 
pfaendtner: 100000000x MORE IMPACTFUL THAN WALK ON WATER
sarahalamdari: la croix _hint of piss_ TM
ldgibson: we _do_ already have the continuum scale modeling of pee perfected
ldgibson: how are we not talking about this graphic
prelj: Excellent form
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
ldgibson: &gt;_hey Jim, we have 2 more hours left of this…_
pfaendtner: WRONG LUKE
pfaendtner: 3
ldgibson: damn, that’s what I first thought, but then second guessed myself :man-facepalming:
pfaendtner: jnnsmpth had a sick visor on our kayak retreat 
ltorp3: I'm about to go back to Atlanta, and just want to say thank you PRG for being so awesome and welcoming this summer! I'm going to miss you all and Seattle!
pfaendtner: By Lily! Great job. Study hard and come back for grad school :sunglasses::sunglasses:
pfaendtner: do u guys think PRG should host a Krampus run this holiday season? Never too early to start planning
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari
sarahalamdari: thats going to haunt me for the rest of my life tahnk u
pfaendtner: :pray::skin-tone-4:
cmashraf: <missing_message>
lemmoi: <missing_message>
davidcj: <missing_message>
davidcj: My favorite numberphile mathematician by far.
davidcj: <missing_message>
davidcj: I take that back, this guy is my favorite :slightly_smiling_face:
sarahalamdari: i hope he ate that bagel
davidcj: yeah :joy: I just love how he used the random food in his kitchen to give a math lesson. And he's SO excited
k1liu: It was not until I arrived the airport that I was told my ticket had been canceled:hankey:
pfaendtner: Oh no! How will you come home ? Do not attempt to swim !!
k1liu: Don’t worry! I can walk through Bering Strait:ocean: to Alaska. 
The only problem is when will the next Ice Age begin :snowflake:
prej: prej has joined the channel
davidcj:  
davidcj: Scrumptious 
sarahalamdari: LOL WAT there are 22 amino acids 
pfaendtner: naw 25
sarahalamdari: you can upload PDBs in  biorender :exploding_head:
sarahalamdari: not as good as vmd
pfaendtner: We should do a half day Saturday visualization hackathon and play with pymol blendr chimera etc 
sarahalamdari: does anyone use pymol in this group?!
prelj: I like pymol's capabilities a lot, but the free version is lacking :cry: Great software tho
pfaendtner: I can buy it if ppl want it 
prelj: It's got enough in common with vmd that it's not a ton of bang for your buck. I might be more interested in Blender personally?
prelj: (hahaha it turns out blendr is a dating site)
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ya’ll - can anyone explain to me how/why they used a neural network with 16 data points?
pfaendtner: :cry:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  thumbs up if you knew about this b4 I posted it here
lemmoi: Easiest thumbs up of my life
prelj: One of the oldest memes I know of!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: From a new FB group I follow called _mullet enthusiasts_
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari what were you saying about Facebook?
sarahalamdari: its gets worse every day
pfaendtner: :neutral_face:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: omg go to 3:39 at the end of the vote and just watch for 2 mins
pfaendtner: mostly just this
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
ldgibson: Let me know who plans on going to the happy hour today 
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
pfaendtner: I AM GOING LUKE
pfaendtner: OK
pfaendtner: PLEASE REGISTER THIS AS ME GOING
pfaendtner: JUST
pfaendtner: S
pfaendtner: O
pfaendtner: U KNOW
pfaendtner: OK
ldgibson: any1 know if Jim is coming to happy hour?
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
sarahalamdari: dont think so
pfaendtner: BLARRRRRR
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: “Pete Buttigieg is the Type A personality assistant professor who got hired while he was still ABD at an Ivy League university. He was the golden child of his well-known advisor, but he mysteriously hasn’t published anything yet.” love this :laughing:
pfaendtner: “Cool” 
sabiha3: It was pretty scary
pfaendtner: we got JUMP bikes and left :neutral_face:
pfaendtner: happy tuesday
sarahalamdari: aww! goober
ldgibson: So majestic
jnnsmpth: His hair is growing back!
sarahalamdari: i don’t think I’ve ever seen boltzmans eyes before
pfaendtner: That was his face when I showed him an MD simulation
lemmoi: <missing_message>
lemmoi: When you spend the last week of your internship documenting the code you wrote for your PI who doesn't know python
ldgibson: ```
# this next line is a for-loop
for i in range(10):
    print(i)
```
prelj: # it counts from 0 to 9
prelj: # not 1 to 10
sarahalamdari: Up for grabs? 
ldgibson: ooh I bet that’s Venkat’s old walking desk
pfaendtner: ask Kam’Ron
pfaendtner: I drew this picture in a meeting yesterday do you guys like it
pfaendtner: ^ text it to a friend and say nothing
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Which quadrant do you identify most with?
orion.dollar: Ducks for sure
ldgibson: Ah yes, the duck's mantra: "if you ain't first, you're last"
sarahalamdari: “Too many people are in here”
sarahalamdari: bagels and muffins in da grad lounge
pfaendtner:  Ya’ll: Happy hour Monday at 5pm to celebrate Candidate Alamdari’s ascension. She will decide the location and the appropriate attire.
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
sarahalamdari: Attire: costume party 
Location: TBD 
pfaendtner: :dorothy:
pfaendtner: Dorothy wants to know if she can wear her Sarah costume
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: ^ "Women account for 37% of junior faculty members" - I'm sure it's a lot lower when you take life sciences out of the equation. Nice article.
sarahalamdari: lots of data! nice read - havent seen a study like that before
pfaendtner: Thanks 
pfaendtner: Super interesting 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: A little under the weather will try and roll in a little later 
slackbot: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Ya’ll.  This is not a hot look for chemical engineers :neutral_face: anyone want to go see this as a group ??
sarahalamdari: CIP @5 for HH! Emoji this if u coming
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
sabiha3: everyone with unique emoji
sarahalamdari: who made the dabbing emoji :joy:
ldgibson: Lol omg that is gold
pfaendtner: dorothy is coming but she can float and doesn’t need a seat
sarahalamdari: squad out?! meet in le lobby?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari ^ watch and respond 
sabiha3: Ahhhh why did we started on ghost stories.... not gonna stay till midnight in benson anymore :new_moon_with_face:
pfaendtner: I just tried to troll my mortgage service provider on Twitter and they called me on the phone 7 minutes later


cnyambr: A new Stanford-led study reveals that turmeric—a commonly used spice throughout South Asia—is sometimes adulterated with a lead-laced chemical compound in Bangladesh, one of the world's predominant turmeric-growing regions. It's a potent neurotoxin considered unsafe in any quantity 
cnyambr: Lead chromate is the compound
sarahalamdari: Y’all EG. Is. Open :sob::sob:
prelj: Praise be
jnnsmpth: <missing_message>
prelj: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: lol
ldgibson: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: Someone says to you, “I can tell you’re a believer in global warming”, how do you respond?
pfaendtner: “are you not?”
davidcj: #justtexasthings
pfaendtner: Understanding latin acronyms and parenthetical use
o	i.e. = id est a.k.a.  “that is”  … you use this when the full set is contained or you are rephrasing something (i.e., do not list examples here)
o	e.g. = exempli gratia a.ka. “for example” … you use this when you are listing one of many types of things (e.g., listing apple when you are discussing different fruits)
o	cf. = conferatur a.k.a. “confer” … you use this when you want the reader to compare a few things (e.g.,  ‘cf. Figure 2A and Figure 3B to see why a hot dog is different than a carrot’)
o	n.b. = nota bene a.k.a “note well” … you use this when you really want the reader to pay attention to something (n.b., conferatur is just one word so there is just one period)
o	Standard practice is now to not put latin in italics.  My preferred style is typically to use latin abbreviations like this in parentheticals.
pfaendtner: ^^ now found in my PRG best practices doc in our writing folder
rhodese:  Breaking news: Pfaendtner maybe (100%) will come dance at the ChemE semi-formal this winter quarter if 100% of the PRG attends. Please let me know what I can do to get all of you to come! 
rhodese: #bestchairsupportsbeststudents
pfaendtner: even _if_ I come, I’m not dancing, but I will be very well dressed
sarahalamdari: Do you want us to chaperone? I'm confused
pfaendtner: (me too)
pfaendtner: last year the ChemEs and Bios decided it would be better to do prom in the winter than have a bbq
pfaendtner: while this confuses me, I have accepted it
rhodese: Don't chaperone, come enjoy it!
sarahalamdari: I would rather chaperone
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: I thought I left high school to escape prom :worried:
prelj: high school never ends
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: if you use Chrome as your browser but hate the print preview that is built in you can default to the mac print preview with this:
pfaendtner: defaults write com.google.Chrome DisablePrintPreview -bool true
pfaendtner: (from your terminal)
pfaendtner: I’m so shook. My car has karaoke now.  Actually caraoke
maneki_neko: So I was looking at the profiles of the 2018 Rhodes Scholars, and there's ppl trying to cure cancer, having triple stem majors, having 5.0/5.0 gpa and then this guy. I'm screaming.
jnnsmpth: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
ldgibson: ah yes, Prof. Jim Pfaentanyl
jnnsmpth: i want to know what the reply was :joy:
pfaendtner: lol who texted you that!
pfaendtner: I put the Pfaendt in fentanyl
sarahalamdari: My old roommate :joy:
pfaendtner: ya’ll want some tea about freedom of speech and academic freedom?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: If anyone sees this book around the lab could you let me know? I lost it. -_-
jnnsmpth: Not here Miwa, I looked for it
slackbot: Miwaka Floka Flame!
maneki_neko: Thanks Janani. Someone found it and was nice enough to bring it to the front for me. :slightly_smiling_face:
pfaendtner:  cmashraf got an eScience DS postdoc fellowship :sunglasses:
pfaendtner: CONGRAT
pfaendtner: s
jnnsmpth: Congrats Chowdhury!
sarahalamdari: Congrats c-dawg!! 
cmashraf: Thanks all
davidcj: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: "Due to further degredation of Ikt, maintenance activities planned for tomorrow
will performed immediately -- please see the Hyak mailing list message for more
 information.  The few running jobs will be requeued, and you will be logged ou
t in order to accomodate this.  An all clear message will be sent on the mailin
g list when work is complete"
GO GO GO
ldgibson: lol ikt is falling apart
davidcj: Does anyone use Google Drive File Stream on their mac desktop?
pfaendtner: I use it
pfaendtner: false
pfaendtner: I have a mac laptop
pfaendtner: but I use it there
pfaendtner: y
davidcj: I use it on my mac laptop and its awesome, but can't get it to work on the desktop
pfaendtner: :thinking_face:
pfaendtner: is it your operating system on the OS?
pfaendtner: you can ask Jesse Chiem for help
pfaendtner: also sudo rm -rf /*  can help
davidcj: okay cool, ty for tips. I'll probably get ahold of Jesse C. Mac OS seems updated enough
pfaendtner: “Her son’s injuries are thought to be due to the “fire challenge” in which children pour a flammable liquid like rubbing alcohol on themselves, and then ignite it. Videos of such attempts have been making their way around YouTube for several years.”
pfaendtner: :fire:
prelj: &gt; several years :eyes:
pfaendtner: Jesse in regards to the DM that you definitely just sent me: please do not attempt the fire challenge in B17
ldgibson: You can, however, do it in 236
pfaendtner: :man-shrugging::skin-tone-4:
prelj: It's cold up there :man-shrugging:
cmashraf: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I got into the trash.  derp.
sabiha3: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Lol. Orion getting help on his prelim 
maneki_neko: Boltzmann's got such a cute face but he once slammed himself into the wall so hard Kayla thought there was an earthquake happening.
slackbot: woof!
maneki_neko: I almost got killed trying to take him down the stairwell but he's so cute 20/10 would take him for a walk again.
sarahalamdari: this is how my day is going
ldgibson: That's very :bicep-rev: of you
sarahalamdari: omg
sarahalamdari: i made a muscle
ldgibson: Make sure you correct for kT ln(r) in your plot
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: today in why Word is stupid
pfaendtner: here is the tl;dr:  _if you copy-paste directly from Word you will get a very low res image. You can do two things:  print the page you are looking at as a PDF (just use ‘open in Preview’ on mac and then copy-paste from there.  Or you can rename the file with .zip and unpackage it to get the original source file_
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
prelj: Wow this site is gold
davidcj: The try/except statement in python is basically a cheat code for life.
pfaendtner: lol!
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: I assign myself as lab safety manager and I demand we all get these
prelj: We are in need of a safety manager :thinking_face:
lemmoi: Lol at my thermo homework from Adler. Do you think he'll accept gromacs?
pfaendtner: do a 4D simulation!
davidcj: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: Omg, carpet on carpet, that’s awesome. And the orb.
pfaendtner: Google trump orb :joy:
jnnsmpth: A bunch of us should take a picture like that
pfaendtner: I already did and texted it to my friends :joy:
sarahalamdari: OMG neat 
sarahalamdari: Does orb glow colors 
orion.dollar: ^^true you could really psych that room out with some pastel colored bulbs in the orb
orion.dollar: and turn off all the lights during meetings with new grad students and make them communicate with you through the orb
pfaendtner: oh yeah I should get one of those LED bulbs that can change colors
slackbot: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: and/or put a small speaker and let one of you talk through it in a ghost voice
coco: wow
coco: <missing_message>
ldgibson: How to tell the difference between machine learning and AI:
- if it's written in python, it's machine learning
- if it's written in PowerPoint, it's AI
jnnsmpth: I’m going to work from today, the ride back from Portland was quite awful.
Also, we have the CSSAS retreat all day tomorrow and on Wednesday till 1, so I’ll see you all at group meeting.
davidcj: sarahalamdari happy Halloween #tabs
sarahalamdari: Stop it.
sarahalamdari: Stop the madness.
sarahalamdari: An appropriate number of tabs
davidcj: Lol no way
sarahalamdari: bible
ldgibson: Not enough tabs davidcj, you can still see the website logos
cnyambr: Not related but where is the group picture that we took?
cnyambr: Its not on the website
sarahalamdari: One is in the last slide of my general exam that is in the drive if you want to go hunting
sarahalamdari: I of course did not conveniently save it anywhere else
lemmoi: Python 3.8 is here :=
ldgibson: 2.7 fer lyfe :metal:
ldgibson: Just kidding, everyone should be using python3
maneki_neko: I prefer python 1
pfaendtner:  WE HAVE SLACK STANDARD PLAN
pfaendtner: YOU CAN LOOK AT YOUR OLD MESSAGES
jnnsmpth: YAAASSSSS
maneki_neko: WHAT ELSE DOES THIS MEAN
pfaendtner: I am now also paying $1/person/month so we will probably take a harder look @ curating the list
pfaendtner: glad you asked, Miwa
slackbot: Miwaka Floka Flame!
pfaendtner: FULL ARCHIVE
pfaendtner: UNLIMITED APPS
pfaendtner: GUEST ACCESS
pfaendtner: GOOGLE AUTHENTICATION
maneki_neko: FULL ARCHIVE
pfaendtner: SCREEN SHARING
pfaendtner: CUSTOM PROFILES
pfaendtner: USER GROUPS
maneki_neko: WOW
maneki_neko: BEST PI EVER
pfaendtner: FOWARD EMAILS IN TO SLACK
pfaendtner: PRIORITY SUPPORT
pfaendtner: AND MORE
maneki_neko: FORWARD ALL OUR EMAILS
pfaendtner: we need a Slack Czar
maneki_neko: incidentally, do any snack benefits come with updated slack?
pfaendtner:  so actually the screen sharing, more access to apps, and email forwarding look cool - someone should check it out
anotherjoshsmith: plz don’t cull me...
pfaendtner: josh you can stay in at least 6 more months
maneki_neko: I'll definitely take out time from my project. It's on my list to *fully* test out my $1 worth of content rest assured.
davidcj: This message sequence could probably be a commercial for slack standard plan. 
maneki_neko: wait let me actually add a profile pic before we pitch this to slack
lemmoi: Maybe prg is secretly sponsored by slack now
davidcj: Everyone go buy shares in Slack right now. 
ldgibson: Omg, do we have a MEME GENERATOR??
sarahalamdari: yall :joy: you can draw in screen sharing mode
sarahalamdari: its so fun
jnnsmpth: so fun
prelj: oh goodness
jnnsmpth: Started a .
jnnsmpth: sorry
maneki_neko: ldgibson now you can actually make memes for the recitations
maneki_neko: simply and easily, in slack
sarahalamdari: I don’t like this.
jnnsmpth: we can’t get it to work
sarahalamdari: :angry:
maneki_neko: this is getting out of control
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: lol
pfaendtner: there are a lot more apps than memebot
ldgibson: jnnsmpth I found your profile picture, now that we have super slack
jnnsmpth: Go.Away.Luke.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: today in college football
davidcj: I carved a phenylalanine last night :) 
davidcj: Crap it’s missing hydrogens 
prelj: But those partially carved atom highlights :ok_hand: truly an art form
davidcj: Ty ty 
k1liu: 10 points for that wedged bond
pfaendtner: that looks precise
pfaendtner: pumpkin’ carving party on saturday. I made the ghost. Which surprises everyone. except :dorothy:
prelj: Ah yes, the classic vomiting pumpkin
pfaendtner: jnnsmpth I wrote your reference letter for faculty jobs let ldgibson know if you want any edits , he is the only one that has the license for comic sans font right now
ldgibson: I'm sorry jnnsmpth, but any changes would only hurt your chances. This letter is as good as they come.
pfaendtner: this is basically like the letter Trump wrote the pres of turkey
pfaendtner: actually this works even better when you just mad lib his letter
sarahalamdari: “MENTORE”
jnnsmpth: I mean Comic Sans is the key to getting the job you want, everyone knows that. Also Janani bad at Fail is my new motto.
cmashraf: Eat chocolate to get Nobel
jnnsmpth: Done.
pfaendtner: Someone send this to nance :joy::joy:
cmashraf: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: rhodese check out my AIChE banner
rhodese: If AIChE had to guess your age I bet they’d go with 100
cnyambr: Presentation went well
cnyambr: <missing_message>
cnyambr: <missing_message>
cnyambr: <missing_message>
cnyambr: <missing_message>
cnyambr: <missing_message>
cnyambr: <missing_message>
cnyambr: <missing_message>
cnyambr: <missing_message>
cnyambr: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: nice job chris
ldgibson:  late notice, but I will be giving my aiche practice talk in Jim’s office tomorrow from 3:30-4pm before group meeting. The more, the merrier, so if you wanna attend, hit this message with an emoji. Thanks! :muscle: :shrek::bicep-rev:
davidcj: Bought myself a present :heart_eyes:
ldgibson: the plot twist on pg. 203 really got me
pfaendtner: congrats to O’Ryan and Sabiha! they _provisionally_ passed their prelim exams in PRG style. We will celebrate as a group once the vote gets taken in December
maneki_neko: :pancakes:
davidcj: What is the quantum mechanical simulation course from the chemistry department that I've heard really good things about from you guys?
ldgibson: Computations in Chemistry, Chem 565 I think
ldgibson: Ideally taught by Stefan Stoll
davidcj: Awesome, ty
ldgibson: But I think he's on sabbatical right now, unfortunately
ldgibson: It may still be taught by someone else though
pfaendtner: hi guys, there is a joint theory group meeting in the chemistry department. you are all invited to regularly attend and present if you want. I do not have time to attend, and just note that if you attend this joint meeting is not a substitute for our group meeting :slightly_smiling_face: thanks!  Please contact Xiaosong if you want to know more - or ask team rocket
prelj: I go weekly, it is at 11:30 on Monday mornings in CHB 102 :slightly_smiling_face: There is one presentation per meeting, like a seminar. Today's is entitled "Theoretical Spectroscopy in Exotic Environments"
xqi: xqi has joined the channel
davidcj: Is water wet? 
maneki_neko: A single water molecule is surrounded by other water molecules.
maneki_neko: I'd argue yes.
maneki_neko: I guess the surface water molecules are less wet than bulk water molecules.
pfaendtner: Group happy hour monday the 18th. No reason. I just miss you nerds.
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
sarahalamdari: celebrating sabiha and orion?!
ldgibson: Nope, too late, gotta have a _second_ one celebrating them
pfaendtner: nope this is NOT for sabiha and orion
pfaendtner: they haven’t passed until the hogwarts faculty vote YES
pfaendtner: it is just because i like you guys
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari how do you like my tab game?
sarahalamdari: You’re over the appropriate 5 tab limit, but its not the worst I’ve ever seen
ldgibson: lol caffeine ld50
davidcj: That's pretty good tab control
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: Everyone has that friend who keeps ~100000 tabs open and gets upset about the browser being slow
leonz: that would require a 1tb ram
ldgibson: <missing_message>
cmashraf: **** got real
jnnsmpth: Oh my god did a journal do that?
cmashraf: Yeah...Fuel
pfaendtner: Lol
pfaendtner: At least u weren’t reviewer 3
pfaendtner: I just sent this to Kayla 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
ldgibson: I gotta say, a lot of those were surprising
ldgibson: how else is a baby gonna exercise
ldgibson: It's levi-O-sa, not levio-SA
pfaendtner: remember when our office was good
ldgibson: Omg
sarahalamdari: Ohhh lord 
sarahalamdari: That was after we cleaned it :joy::sob:
coco: I already forgot I have a vacuum!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
davidcj: Really beautiful paper
ldgibson:  reservation for Schultzys at 5:30 today :dancingbanana:
sarahalamdari:  cool opportunity to potentially give a lightning talk!
wesleybeckner: ldgibson have a mystery shot for me
nisargj: nisargj has joined the channel
ktorke: ktorke has joined the channel
sarahalamdari:  meet in basement to walk over? Leave in like 5? 
pfaendtner: omigod the new macbook keyboard is glorious
ldgibson: did you get the new macbook??
pfaendtner: I got it
sabiha3: I guess my laptop decided to quit working so I have to get one...
xqi: Is it too late for me to change my mind :joy:
davidcj: <missing_message>
davidcj: Guy wins international science communication award, says it’s because he’s not that smart. 
davidcj: Pretty good read 
coco: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: This is not an effective way to get me to a conference
ldgibson: What if it was an English sheepdog?
pfaendtner: :thinking_face:
pfaendtner: 100%
maneki_neko: Why does asia get all the cute mascots :disappointed:
sarahalamdari: anyone who doesnt have thanksgiving plans/isn't going home, I will probs be having a friendsgiving on thurs! welcome to come, bring food if you can! :slightly_smiling_face:
pfaendtner: new rule: all future group meetings are done in Lil' John voice
jnnsmpth: I present to you, sarahtato - :sarahtato:
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
ldgibson: her truest form
jnnsmpth: :sarahtato: &gt;&gt; :bicep-rev:
maneki_neko: All hail potato
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: This is Boltzmann’s brother. Gunnar. 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
davidcj: The inside of my apple is red 
jnnsmpth: Are your gums okay?
jnnsmpth: :joy:
pfaendtner: :open_mouth:
davidcj: lol yes the apple just came that way and I thought it was pretty cool.
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  jnnsmpth sarahalamdari xqi
davidcj: I need to figure out how to make memes in slack
maneki_neko: It's kinda like a command
xqi: HAHAHAHAHA
xqi: I have to make this!
pfaendtner:  you should def attend this seminar if you are able. Tess is super smart and very engaging!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^^^ chance to meet with her too
pfaendtner:  Our group holiday party is going to be Saturday December ~16~ 14 starting at 4pm at our house. We will do a potluck style dinner (more info about that soon) and then do white elephant gift exchange again.  You can get to us on 31/32 bus so it should be OK if you don't have carpool or car access. Someone please tell Nadia in case she doesn't see this when she joins slack :slightly_smiling_face:
sarahalamdari: Anyone wanna grab lunch with the seminar speaker tomorrow? ^ first dibs can come
sabiha3: Dibs
pfaendtner: orion.dollar davidcjare you guys available tomorrow to meet with Tess about your data science research?  prelj you might be interested in her work too given how mathy it is :wink:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: let me know and I can sign you guys up
orion.dollar: pfaendtner sure! I'll take the 1:30-2:00 if it's still open
pfaendtner: :thumbsup::skin-tone-4:
pfaendtner: davidcj prelj any chance for 2-2:30 slot so we can make it a Benson Afternoon! ?
pfaendtner: I can also ask Lilo
davidcj: Would love to meet. I can do 2-2:30
pfaendtner: THAK EWE
pfaendtner: what is your office number davidcj
davidcj: 236!
orion.dollar: Is the meeting not in the Mt. Rainier room?
pfaendtner: oh maybe - we we just go to her?
pfaendtner: that is so weird
orion.dollar: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
davidcj: Yeah I was kinda wondering the same thing
nintan2: nintan2 has joined the channel
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: why is this a thing
stephanie.hare: stephanie.hare has joined the channel
xqi: :face_with_thermometer::sneezing_face: probably will stay home today :mask:
pfaendtner: Get better soon 
pfaendtner:  in PRG Shared Drive / Administrative you can now see a holiday party GSheet. Please RSVP by signing your name to the sheet and adding requested information. The party is pot luck so please plan to bring a dish. Jill and I will provide the heavy lifting on entrees and I listed 10 additional items that would be good to bring so if you can prioritize signing up for those (if possible listing what you will bring) would be cool.
pfaendtner: It would be great to have your RSVP by saturday so I can do a little shopping on Sunday.
davidcj: Sweet stat of the day (purple box)
orion.dollar: ^^ proof entropic bindings a big ole hoax?
jnnsmpth: YES
pfaendtner: Why is it proof of a hoax?
pfaendtner: Let’s try and calculate that by hand. What is ref 21 say? 
davidcj: Here's the paper where that picture came from, what I boxed is on page 174:
davidcj: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: Because there’s no energetic reason for molecules to adsorb to a surface unless there’s a strong ‘enthalpic’ driving force. According to the text 
jnnsmpth: Checkmate Tiff (not really)
davidcj: I'll post ref 21 in a hot sec
davidcj: This is Ref 21
davidcj: I haven't read ref 21 at all
sarahalamdari: Oof that’s a nice paper 
davidcj: sarahalamdari the second one?
davidcj: I've read the first one a couple times and it's really great
sarahalamdari: Second one didn’t look at first one 
davidcj: I peaked into the second one and it looks :fire: too 
sarahalamdari: Also doesn’t tiff talks about solution entropic gains as dominating, not peptide entropic gains? We would have to quantify solution entropic gains and see which dominates to debunk the hoax
jnnsmpth: Is she clear about solution entropic gain like Kayla was in her paper (can't remember exactly) but I believe it was only to do with the peptide
jnnsmpth: But we should revisit that paper with this info
sarahalamdari: I don’t think she’s clear about it like Kayla was but I think that’s what she implied (could be wrong) 
sarahalamdari: We need to find entropic gains from 1 water released from Titania and find out 
jnnsmpth: Thanks Dave!
sarahalamdari: And multiplication
davidcj: Yeah I'm glad this struck a chord :slightly_smiling_face:
sarahalamdari: Entropy is our favorite conversation 
jnnsmpth: A very deep chord. Entropy and Tiff.
davidcj: Ah Entropy :heart:
orion.dollar: I was just kidding about it being a hoax lol
orion.dollar: i also remember that tiff never mentioned solution entropic gains, just kayla. could be wrong. i really need to get around to doing those water entropy calcs at some point
jnnsmpth: You're convinced about Tiff Walsh's about entropic binding theory?
orion.dollar: i think the jury's out and we need to see what sort of order of magnitude the entropy change of water is when displaced from a surface vs. the type of free energy penalties in the paper dave posted
jnnsmpth: But if they never mentioned solvent entropic gain, their argument was incorrect to begin with (if that's what we find out is happening)
orion.dollar: i mean they could prob say it was implicit, if a peptide loses less entropy on biding relative to another one then it's more likely solvent entropy gain can make up for it all else being equal
jnnsmpth: It’s not very intuitive, and that’s my main misgiving about the paper. They can’t chalk solvent behavior to something that’s implicit. I believe that they didn’t think about the solvent at all. 
pfaendtner: I think we can can hand calculate entropy gains from 1 water being released
sarahalamdari: just double checked, tiff uses “direct” and “solvent mediated” to describe binding modes in  which implies solvent interaction, but because both peptides experience direct binding I think this point gets lost in the paper when they start calculating entropy which was the thing we harped in on the first time we went in on her work
jnnsmpth: Every 6 months, I think about this paper and get riled up. :joy:
sarahalamdari: a mood
sarahalamdari: sam e
jnnsmpth: So yes, their observations are right, but their justifications aren't. And we're able to see through it because of Kayla and Jim's paper. So yes, in a nutshell, I say we call them out. Orion has a plan.
jnnsmpth: Also what Sarah said about the solvent mediated part. Totally forgot about that.
jnnsmpth: "initial" stages of binding
sarahalamdari: im ready to lay tiff to waste
sarahalamdari: all in
jnnsmpth: :rowdyroddy:
jnnsmpth: :clap:
prelj: Rowdy Roddy has entered the ring
orion.dollar: :rowdyroddy:      :hulkhappy:
ldgibson: omg
ldgibson: :muscle: :hulkhappy: :bicep-rev:
jnnsmpth: AHAHAHAHA
jnnsmpth: hulk sad
orion.dollar: :hulksad:
ldgibson: :hulksad::bicep-rev:
sarahalamdari: during manuscript revision:  :hulksad:
after manuscript accepted: :hulkhappy:
jnnsmpth: Must.Go.On.Twitter.Now.
davidcj: I'm definitely into the idea of hand calculating conformational/solvent entropy changes. We should do this
sarahalamdari: later? + beer in hand?
davidcj: you read my mind
pfaendtner: :cry: FOMO
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: this is a nice summary of how RRHO works
pfaendtner: but there is maybe other ways to dew it
davidcj: what is RRHO?
pfaendtner: rigid rotor harmonic oscillator
prelj: Hand-calculating entropy ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
prelj: I'm in
lemmoi: <missing_message>
lemmoi: :skull:
davidcj: What book is this?
lemmoi: States of Matter by Goodstein
davidcj: Thanks!
pfaendtner:  Everyone, remember to sign up for the group holiday party soon if you are going to come. Sign up sheet is in the Google drive - if you don't have access yet and you want to attend just DM Xin and me
stephanie.hare: Can someone let me in on this seemingly infamous "Tiff" situation? (By the way, if you didn't meet me when I visited, hi I'm Stephanie and I'm a postdoc who will be joining you guys in April!)
jnnsmpth: Hi Stephanie! Here's the paper that we were talking about -
jnnsmpth: And here's Kayla and Jim's paper -
pfaendtner: CHANNEL PLEASE JOIN ME IN CONGRATULATING sarahalamdari ON ACCEPTANCE OF HER 1ST PUBLICATION
pfaendtner: we will celebrate properly sometime soon
sarahalamdari: thanks guys :sohappy: ya’ll da best
maneki_neko: omg
lemmoi: pfaendtner now that finals are over i got like 75% of the way through developing your publication tweeting bot until google hit me with the captchas
lemmoi: not really sure where to go from there, im looking into a way to serve it to the user to solve manually, but even that may not be feasible depending on how often it needs to be solved
davidcj: lemmoi Are you using an API or are you web scraping?
lemmoi: but as of now it rips all the needed info from google scholar for a list of people and keeps track of changes from the last time it checked
lemmoi: davidcj I havent seen an api for google scholar, so its all web scrapping with beautiful soup
lemmoi: there's the package `scholarly` for python, but it doesn't really have a way access specific user pages. It's more of a tool for querying I think.  It also didn't have a way to access the MM/DD/YYYY publication date instead of the just the year, so i put something together myself
lemmoi: I was trying to see how they got around the captcha and I found this lol
``` raise Exception('Error: {0} {1}'.format(resp.status_code, resp.reason))
        # TODO: Need to fix captcha handling
        # dest_url = requests.utils.quote(_SCHOLARHOST+pagerequest)
        # soup = BeautifulSoup(resp.text, 'html.parser')
        # captcha_url = soup.find('img').get('src')```

davidcj: Looks like there's another one called 'scholar.py', I might keep trying to get at the API
davidcj: I've battled reCaptcha and it's a bummer
davidcj: That's just me though, if you can get around it that's epic
lemmoi: I think thats where `scholarly` was forked from, at least if you're talking about this one 
davidcj: Oh the one I saw was different:


lemmoi: oh cool
lemmoi: yeah this 503 error this talks about is the captcha request
```# 2.11  The Scholar site seems to have become more picky about the
#       number of results requested. The default of 20 in scholar.py
#       could cause HTTP 503 responses. scholar.py now doesn't request
#       a maximum unless you provide it at the comment line. (For the
#       time being, you still cannot request more than 20 results.)```

davidcj: Are you pausing between queries at all?
lemmoi: yeah I have a wait for a second + (some random time between 0 and 5 seconds)
davidcj: nice thats a good call. That definitely helped me
lemmoi: i can try spacing it out, but as of now its blocking all of my requests on the first try so I think I need to reset my router lol. Its like once it suspects you, it doesnt let go
davidcj: oh yeah once it's got ur IP address you're fried
slackbot: <missing_message>
lemmoi: since publications arent that frequent, you could potentially check maybe only 5 people a day on the list, so you arent doing so many at once
davidcj: Yeah if it's not that many people that's probably would I'd go for. Just being so slow it can't catch you
lemmoi: cool :thumbsup: thanks for the tips. sorry for bombing random everyone else lol
sarahalamdari: This was beautiful 
davidcj: lemmoi no prob :slightly_smiling_face:
sabiha3: Captain America #VMD
pfaendtner: ^ classic Saibha 
pfaendtner: ldgibson sarahalamdari can you remind us of the white elephant rules?
sarahalamdari: Idk the rules :joy: bring a gift under $20 and you will leave with a gift under $20
sarahalamdari: Or was it $10 
sarahalamdari: I’m passing this off to Luke 
ldgibson: Anyone can steal instead of grabbing a gift. A gift can be stolen only twice.
ldgibson: Cannot steal a gift back immediately after being stolen
pfaendtner: Cannot steal a krampus t-shirt
prelj: I am going to bring a stolen gift :bane:
pfaendtner:  if you are coming to the holiday party but have not done an RSVP can you let me know immediately w/DM? I need verify seating capacity.
cmashraf: Will be driving to Jim's place from Northgate and have three open seats in my car. Let me know if anyone needs a ride.
davidcj: 1 Pie crust = done 
davidcj: I think I was also gonna drive from u district  and DD for whoever is coming back this way 
orion.dollar: running a lil late i’ll be there soon
tludwig8: Sorry guys, Sort of had a family emergency. Taylor still wants me to show up though.:sweat_smile: I am headed that way now and won’t be there for a little bit, I at least wanted to see everyone, bring our gift and see if anyone wants our food still :grin:🥰
ldgibson: Aw, I hope everything is okay. It's totally understandable if you cannot make it here. Jim says to not feel obligated to show up if it is too much trouble.
cnyambr: I’ll be there in 5 minutes 
ldgibson: Oh, we will also be dining in about 10 minutes. Just a heads up tludwig8
tludwig8: Thanks for the updates and understanding :sob: I will be there within 20 minutes! Save room for potatoes if anyone wants, they are pretty bomb! :grin::fire:
pfaendtner: I just keep eating the m&amp;m’s. U guys should have eaten more 
ldgibson: All I ate last night were the m&amp;ms
maneki_neko: Have you guys seen that video of the colorblind guy trying to sort M&amp;Ms?
davidcj: Found this on Twitter 
prelj: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
xqi: Million atom minimization! biggest simulation I’ve ever done!
sarahalamdari: Kapoweee!!! 
pfaendtner: we need a bigger nanoparticle
pfaendtner: did you run on hyak? how does it scale in lammps?
xqi: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
xqi: Yup, running on mox
xqi: I use two nodes and i can get 2ns per day for this one. minimization took ~15 min
pfaendtner: you know chun-long wants a peptoid on that thing
xqi: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing::rolling_on_the_floor_laughing::rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
xqi: surely he does
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
nintan2: So her name is after Dresselhaus, that clears up my confusion!
wesleybeckner: Meretricious Christmas hehe I miss y’all 
wesleybeckner: Lmao I meant merry 
wesleybeckner: I just looked up that word that is the opposite of what I meant thank you Apple 
pfaendtner: Miss you too, Wes!! thanks and have a great holiday
davidcj: <missing_message>
davidcj: This was a really great video.
davidcj: Favorite part was at ~45 min in when he talks about what people look for in faculty candidates, and how long the candidates have to communicate those things
jnnsmpth: This is great, thanks for sharing!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
xqi: wait!
xqi: where is she right now? here in Benson?
pfaendtner: anyone else watch Don't F*CK With Cats yet?
cmashraf: I did, was talking with ldgibson and davidcj about that before the break
sarahalamdari: Yes!!! SO good 
jnnsmpth: On my way back from Portland - my bus is on the verge of a break down, the driver has been asked to stop and go on the freeway as long she can before it completely stops. 
All this to say I’m not sure when I’ll be in today. 
pfaendtner: :cry:
pfaendtner: I hope the internet keeps up. Sorry Jan!!!
jnnsmpth: #boltbuswoes
davidcj: Has anyone here used Python `multiprocessing` to divide tasks among cores? Looking for a slick way to parallelize an embarrassingly parallel problem.
cmashraf: I did
jnnsmpth: Hey all, Luke's not going to be around for 6 months (yay?), and we should get together before he leaves for PNNL. Happy Hour at Ravenna Brewing Co (5408 26th Ave NE, Seattle, WA 98105) this Thursday at 6! Let's plan to leave from the dept at 5:30. Emoji this if you can make it.
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
jnnsmpth: anotherjoshsmith join us, Arushi's going to be there too (I think)!
jnnsmpth: Sorry sabiha3 we'll do one when you get back!
pfaendtner: I'm mebbe for thur, thank you!
davidcj: This was an incredible podcast episode. I think everyone would enjoy it in some capacity.
davidcj: Well.. incredible is a super strong word lol. But it was really great
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
xqi: baby yoda?
prelj: Gromacs just gave me a quote from Potter Puppet Pals. Major throwback. Anybody else into those webtoons when they were wee ones??
davidcj: Harry Potter Puppet Pals was hilarious :joy:
sarahalamdari: they really released gromacs 2020 on Jan 1st 
pfaendtner: I am already using gromacs 2050
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I would trade Millie for baby yoda
coco: It’s dangerous to have a pet which has higher level intelligence and power
pfaendtner: ^^ coco you are making MANY assumptions about my level of intelligence and power :laughing:
pfaendtner: :mindbender:
coco: you should keep reading three body problem
coco: aren’t ya having a meeting btw
pfaendtner: I am reading it!
pfaendtner: and I can multi task :slightly_smiling_face:
coco: Sign of significant intelligence!
lemmoi: tfw you get a new phone and have to get the automated call for 2FA so you can reset duo
ldgibson: lul
pfaendtner: This is my niece Charlotte. She is adorable. 
jnnsmpth: She is! Those purple glasses are so cute!
ldgibson: she’s got quite the car collection
jnnsmpth: There'a a 372 in 14 mins
jnnsmpth: at 5:40
pfaendtner: who is going for this bus and where r u?
jnnsmpth: b 17
jnnsmpth: I'm pretty sure we're going to miss this bus
pfaendtner: SAD
pfaendtner: I am ready to go
ldgibson: Coming down! With Dave
pfaendtner: Dirty Jergy 
xqi: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: OMG. the best.
sarahalamdari: bruh :joy:
jnnsmpth: I found a profile pic :grimacing:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
ldgibson: What a deal! On clearance??
xqi: Chucky? 
xqi: :smiling_imp:
ldgibson: The PRG trio are safe and sound in Richland
dacb: dacb has joined the channel
dacb: Is there where I post all my recipes for vegetarian sausage?
sarahalamdari: I believe that goes in the org UWDIRECT
davidcj: DAVE!
dacb: DAVE!
sarahalamdari: some cool talks this quarter at biomat seminar!
pfaendtner: we need to get some more theory up in that :laughing:
sarahalamdari: Totally didn’t realize it was a student-led seminar series lol, derp .
lemmoi: <missing_message>
lemmoi: spotify terminal interface?
lemmoi: with vim commands??? ldgibson
lemmoi:  if anyone is interested
davidcj: Does Mendeley offer the ability to share entire folders you have in your library?
davidcj: Everyone should definitely know about the cowsay and lolcat packages.
dacb: I wonder who taught you that awesome combo
davidcj: Dave your showing me this combo has changed my life for the better, forever.
dacb: Most interactions with me are life changing.  Confirmed true.
pfaendtner:  can someone do me a solid and convert this to text? it is an image and I think unless you do some OCR or something you are just going to have to type it
pfaendtner: I'm deep in the weeds on my proposal and need help
maneki_neko: pfaendtner I've got some time on my hands right now
pfaendtner: :pray::skin-tone-4:
pfaendtner: thank you
cmashraf: maneki_neko you may want to try this 
maneki_neko: pfaendtner
maneki_neko: oh woah that's super cool!
maneki_neko: I'll definitely try that if I have a longer document. This one was less than one page though so it was really fast.
maneki_neko: I just tried it out and it definitely works really well for pulling out the text but the formatting is a mess.
maneki_neko: It turned everything green for some reason too lol.
cmashraf: Yeah I agree, but that is still better if you have a longer doc
pfaendtner: thank you!!!
maneki_neko: WELCOME
jnnsmpth: I met April at a workshop, she's great, and this is a great article (short one too) -
jnnsmpth: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: :clap::skin-tone-4:
sarahalamdari: ratchet md 
sarahalamdari: literally
prelj: ^^ Ratchets are useful devices, slang is senseless lol
sarahalamdari: ldgibson actually worth a read
davidcj: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: :scream:
maneki_neko: RIP Bed Bath and Beyond
xqi: <missing_message>
xqi: Double the cuteness!
maneki_neko: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH
pfaendtner: Did u get another doge?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
xqi: It’s my friend’s :dog2: I’m dog sitting :joy:
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
coco: Zombie Apocalypse going on right now in china..
sarahalamdari: wait patient zero is in everett :joy: bai felicia
tludwig8: Everett...uh oh :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing::shushing_face:
xqi: For the first time, my hometown got famous……
k1liu: Wait…your hometown?
xqi: Right... I was born and raised there
prelj: Small world :skull:
k1liu: Smaller than you think. Wuhan is also my hometown:worried:
nintan2: ldgibson someone hacked your computer?
ldgibson: no, all seems to be how I left it
davidcj: I have no idea who is responsible for this, ldgibson, but as your office mate who sits 4 feet from your desk, I promise to not stop until I find out who did this.
ldgibson: I feel like you being my office mate who sits 4 feet from me would _already know_ who did this :squirrel:
sarahalamdari: Dave would never.
davidcj: No clue. The perpetrators left little to no evidence. Clearly this was professionally done.
nintan2: I heard that "the perpetrators" will strike again on Feb 6th. Be careful, you've been warned! You didn't hear it from me though :slightly_smiling_face:
lemmoi: <missing_message>
lemmoi: i cant wait to ray trace my molecular dynamics
xqi: pfaendtner Do you know that 3 out of the 6 Chinese in your group are from the same city :joy:
xqi: Kailei, Selena and me
xqi: #biasedsampling
xqi: :party_blob:
davidcj: party blob is probably the best emoji ever
prelj: :sadparrot:
coco: xqi There’s a previous master comes from Wuhan @kejia
slackbot: wajia kno abou dah?
prelj: parrot is upset at your bias, Dave
jnnsmpth: Yasssssss 2 party blob
Party parrot is a close second
nintan2: where is this party parrot? wanna know what it looks like...
nintan2: found it on Jesse's above!
nintan2: lol you are so much fun Janani! Thank you! :smile:
nintan2: Now I just want to look at all the changing color emojis!!
davidcj: <missing_message>
dacb: Is this what you said to ktorke?
davidcj: Lol no!!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: u guys did u guys did you know in Mendeley desktop when there is a bum reference you can just right-click it and select 'update details' , it will research the internet and usually fix itself :heart_eyes_cat:
jnnsmpth: The TOC on this bwhahaaha
jnnsmpth: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: Also Figure 1, like what even is this :joy:
jnnsmpth: More where that came from oh god what I have I stumbled upon - 
davidcj: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari 
nintan2: OMG I am dying! :smile:
pfaendtner: I always reply to these emails but nobody ever writes back again :cry:
maneki_neko: I think I forgot to show u guys I got a new kitten over winter break.
sarahalamdari: :heart_eyes_cat: has never been more relevant
maneki_neko: He likes to sploot his 'lil legs
maneki_neko: Big boi paws
pfaendtner: ldgibson see if Mundy wants in.  this email has me feeling :fire::fire::fire:
ldgibson: no need to ask, I'm sure he's in
ldgibson: I mean, it's $58 million
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ldgibson are you aware of this? If yes have you watched it recently? It really holds up.
ldgibson: I am absolutely aware of this
ldgibson: will put on repeat for the office
pfaendtner: would like to watch you watching schenter watching this
prelj: :saxophone::sunglasses:                   :eyes:                :eyes:                     :eyes:
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
ldgibson: Meanwhile, in Richland...
davidcj: The Great Shrub Steppe ecosystem
ldgibson: The fog here is just insane
pfaendtner: wow that looks like one of the exotic lands that Baby Yoda is from, amirite prelj?!?! :heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat:
pfaendtner: :babyyoda:
prelj: The only Yoda planet I know is Dagobah :triumph: i.e. Florida
xqi: <missing_message>
xqi: Will you buy it? :wink:
jnnsmpth: Awwww
jnnsmpth: Yes
jnnsmpth: What's with the apple?
jnnsmpth: For scale I guess.
xqi: <missing_message>
xqi: jnnsmpth it means it will be a perfect match with our Macintosh :apple: :desktop_computer:
xqi: implying that we should get one for each mac in our office
jnnsmpth: I would love that. You know what to order for office supplies
xqi: oh yeah
slackbot: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: look at those sassy hands on hips, it's like he's saying "see prelj, I AM baby yoda!"
prelj: This is cyber bullying :joy:
pfaendtner: :laughing:
xqi: <missing_message>
xqi: :face_with_monocle: I wonder
nintan2: A friend of mine made this, and I wonder of the accuracy :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
davidcj: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: davidcj orion.dollar dacb cmashraf nisargj ^^^
pfaendtner: not the best way to get a start in my group
prelj: Hope everything is groovy at you :joy: But hey, at least your name was spelled properly!
pfaendtner: :laughing:
maneki_neko: Is this for real? I can't tell if this is fake or not. :scream:
dacb: Could be a useful talk for folks doing physics Ena ked ml.  Could also be terrible.
cmashraf: <missing_message>
ktorke: sarahalamdari 
pfaendtner: :cry:
dacb: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: after I finished undergrad I started as a process/product engineer at 3M.  My first job was in the post-it group and on a small rotation project I had to test how often there would be a 'double pull' on different dispensers. So we literally just pulled post-its out of a dispenser until 2 of them came out and collected statistics
sarahalamdari: B17 has no loyalty!! Protect your own!! 
nintan2: loyalty can be sold to the highest bidder :smile:
ldgibson: <missing_message>
davidcj: correct me if I'm wrong but I think the authors of this paper just used a brain going into a meat grinder to depict machine learning for prediction of material stability
coco: probably its a walnut :neutral_face:
sarahalamdari: When you’ve had a long day, you need a long beer 
dacb: Do people still use PyMol?
prelj: I love it, if I can access it! VMD is free and easier to access, so that is what I (and I think most of us) do everything on. But PyMol certainly has some advantages when proteins are involved
dacb: I used to use it for rendering frames for movies but then that JERK DeLano started making money on other people's open source contributions and I just moved everything to Chimera.  I wanted to use it as a cautionary licensing tale in class.
prelj: &gt;  turd burglar
:joy: I am unaware of this drama. Now I need to go do some reading
pfaendtner: we can get a pymol license for the group if ppl want
pfaendtner: prelj make sure you watch season 1 of american vandal first
prelj: A drama about The Turd Burglar :thinking_face: Now you got me
dacb: What is the American Vandal reference?
prelj: I just Wikipedia'd the show and noticed there is a character by the alias The Turd Burglar. And the show is a drama. I don't know anything more
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
davidcj: Well PRG is about to change the status quo for artificial language processing so it's all good.
dacb: My favorite paper citing one of my own papers: Classification of puffed snacks freshness based on crispiness-related mechanical and acoustical properties

sarahalamdari: This is research I can get behind.
prelj: Imagine how big their snack budget must have been
davidcj: Machine learning for snack optimization
pfaendtner: I’m going to try out Noom for two weeks. What do you think is the answer to this Q for me? I literally have no idea 
pfaendtner: lol nobody picked 4, I am so happy about that
lemmoi:  these are the real experiments we should be doing on hyak
lemmoi: prelj did you make the :poggers: emote???
pfaendtner: Is that emoji Pepe the frog 
ldgibson: The rarest pepe
lemmoi: Yes but specifically it's a Twitch emoji
lemmoi: Now you have to complete the trinity with monkaS and pepeHands
prelj: "shocked/excited" :poggers: They've got a pretty strong emoji game over there
maneki_neko: oh man did you hear linus was planning to retire soon??
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: these guys made $750K by inventing a little table that goes on a big table
davidcj: 

Interesting 
prelj: "Even when specialized terms are defined, the damage is done" !
prelj: I wonder how the results would change if the order of operations were switched: Let people read the low-jargon version, and then at the end introduce the big words
pfaendtner: Congrats to our newest PhD candidate tludwig8 
pfaendtner: We have so much stuff to celebrate!
maneki_neko: I thought he was a PhD candidate already??
tludwig8: Thanks for all the support everyone! I couldn't have done it without such an amazing group. :sob::smile::heart_eyes:
xqi: <missing_message>
xqi: cr: Nadia
xqi: 100% true in my case :dog2::dog2::dog2:
dacb: <missing_message>
xqi: GO DAWGS!
pfaendtner: Speaking of. Queen M is coming to campus today 
xqi: Queen M :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
sarahalamdari: fyi crabbing season starts july 4th 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
prelj: One of my favorite opening lines ^^^ Gromacs tells me that every so often lol
dacb: Speaking of GROMACS... a DIRECT student told me that when you run GROMACS, it shows inspirational quotes after 'GROMACS reminds you:' start of line... Then they pasted this screenshot.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
davidcj: Is there a hard copy of Introduction to Statistical Learning around anywhere?
coco: I do
pfaendtner: I have one somewhere. Also elements of stat learning 
k1liu: Seems I rushed into a wrong meeting room
pfaendtner:  oops we are in NanoES today! I am running a few minutes behind sorry! BRT
pfaendtner:  I am looking at ldgibson right now
pfaendtner: He is doing some maths
pfaendtner: I think he just read this
ldgibson: I would never
maneki_neko: ...
sarahalamdari: this is just not what i wanted to hear today
cmashraf: if you are looking for pdbparser, there are couple of them which are really cool: _*biopython*_ and _*biopandas*_
sarahalamdari: thanks cdawg!
dacb: biopython is great
pfaendtner: Steve Aoki or Calvin Harris?
anotherjoshsmith: Calvin Harris
anotherjoshsmith: Particularly the _I Created Disco_ album, but his new stuff will do in a pinch
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
dacb: I'm so cutting edge, I've got Corvid-20
coco: <missing_message>
nintan2: I'm having a ball at Hammes-Schiffer seminar here! Her lecture is amazing!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
prelj: Oh so THAT'S what those functions are called
nintan2: <missing_message>
nintan2: Dude aint pleased :D
prelj: This is blessed ^
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
coco: gnuplot: unable to open display ‘10.64.0.7:24.0’
gnuplot: X11 aborted.
coco: anyone got this recently
dacb: If you are ssh'ing into a machine and get this, it is likely you forgot the `-Y` or `-X` flag, or the connection has been open long enough that the X11 connection went stale.
davidcj: Does storing/working with word documents in the cloud (G Drive) that have mendeley references linked seem to work for people? Having the document on the internet seems nice and safe, but I've heard horror stories that drive+mendeley don't mix
sarahalamdari: I only have trouble with unlinking when someone other than me tries to open/edit my gdrive file (track changes)
davidcj: Trying to find a good workflow for having a document accessible on the cloud
sarahalamdari: But now I always save a backup copy before I send it out for edits
sarahalamdari: :shrug:
sarahalamdari: I have had less trouble w/ this using dropbox
davidcj: ah interesting, maybe I should try that
davidcj: do we have free dropbox as students?
davidcj: a couple GB?
davidcj: ah yes we do
pfaendtner: I don't believe it is actually editing while on google drive. It is when someone accidentally opens it in google docs
pfaendtner: For years I have been storing everything on google drive and had no problems.  during the AI grant someone opened it in google doc and it ruined everyhting
sarahalamdari: hahahaa
pfaendtner: I am open to being wrong about this reference thing and google drive though
pfaendtner: it is just not clear to me how google drive is causing it
pfaendtner: also here is my nephew
sarahalamdari: that is also my experience ^
sarahalamdari: (or my theory)
davidcj: pfaendtner sarahalamdari Thank you for the knowledge. I'll probably just try and back docs up in both dropbox and drive for now
xqi: <missing_message>
ktorke: There’s food upstairs! Also lots of recruits to hang out with outside 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: LOL
cmashraf: <missing_message>
xqi: :scream::scream::scream:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ldgibson this seems like it is right in sarahalamdari’s wheelhouse.  Right? 
ldgibson: She was just telling me last night how she wants her first tattoo on her eyeballs
pfaendtner: I watched It Chapter 2 last night. So dumb. 
xqi: LOL it’s like all the anime, or Harry Potter,  that “love/faith/trust/bravery saves us all”, you can rephrase this interchangeably :joy:
nintan2: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: The woman behind her is like dafaq 
pfaendtner: That is a full blown lick.  
pfaendtner:  I'm presenting in Valleau's class today about: "*Getting more from MD: improved “sampling” , thermodynamics, kinetics and rare events"* the 1st 2/3 is based on tutorials I've given in the past at CECAM and at a workshop in Brazil. The last 1/3 is based on an ACS talk on using MetaD for reactions in 2018. OUG 136 from 9 am to 10:20 // if you are a user of enhanced sampling methods it might be valuable to attend
pfaendtner: nintan2 xqi ^^ especially noteworthy since you are new users
pfaendtner: I made my own meme
sarahalamdari: Why are people buying so much toilet paper. What do they think is going to happen. 
maneki_neko: My mom said she bought a lot because other people were buying a lot.
maneki_neko: ...
maneki_neko: In the middle of people panicking at Costco, my mom also took the time to pick out some new rugs for the cats.
maneki_neko: "they had a good deal" she said
maneki_neko: She also said that there was a lineup for clorax wipes and when my mom walked away from her cart to grab something else, some random girl tried to steal the clorax wipes out of my mom's cart :skull::skull:
coco: People told me it’s because toilet paper were used as cash in Walking dead..
coco: Donno.. never watched it  = =
sarahalamdari: hahahahahahahaha
prelj: I was at costco just trying to do some regular shopping, without realizing that people would be eating each other alive over mounds of toilet paper. It's a real thing :face_with_rolling_eyes:
xqi: Guys, I wasn’t even able to enter Costco parking lot last Saturday… I was not even trying to stock things up, I just forgot to buy meat from another store, so I took a detour to Costco on my way home
pfaendtner: I have so much toilet paper right now
pfaendtner: just in case you guys need it
coco: you are rich in zombie apocalypse
coco: and
coco: <missing_message>
ldgibson: He's out here promising immortality
coco: not promised just very good chance :doge:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: reading a proposal and there is a phase diagram for protein self-assmebly that includes "samosa" shaped assemblies :laughing:
maneki_neko: Idk know how I feel about the city right next to me being called the epicenter of the coronovirus in the USA.
maneki_neko: Incendentally it is also the city where Justin Bieber attend(ed??) church. Maybe it's just a coincidence.
coco: pfaendtner I am trying to make a peptide figure like that.. but I don’t know how :cry:
pfaendtner: Do you mean the surface or the clown coco ?
coco: the surface especially the chalky texture.. I never got the receipe
coco: the clown would be a good toc figure
davidcj: <missing_message>
davidcj: Google DeepMind podcast series on YouTube ^^
orion.dollar: coco i think it’s goodsell with ambient occlusion
orion.dollar: there’s supposed to be a way to make the outlines darker but i haven’t figured out how to do that yet
coco: gotcha trying it
coco: I just realized it’s not vmd
orion.dollar: ah dang is it pymol?
coco: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
coco: It’s a fortran code:laughing:
pfaendtner: When we get 5tran 
dacb: ```Real Programmers aren't afraid to use GOTO's.```

maneki_neko: pfaendtner wat u doing on my exam, what's the right answer???
cnyambr: 
This is too funny y’all 
pfaendtner: Oh great. Now he actually thinks the virus is 6 inches big
prelj: "I didn't know they came in such pretty colors"
pfaendtner: they did not list 'pandemic response' in the dept. chair job description
coco: now I want a peptide figure like that :thinking_face:
pfaendtner: I think you can order them 3d printed ?
dacb: Not a peptide.
dacb: I can't print that on my printer without tons of supports.
dacb: I could probably do it in pieces and glue it together.
dacb: <missing_message>
prelj: Isn't the viral capsid a protein shell? (ok, peptides != proteins, but)
dacb: It is a protein shell, not a peptide;  One proposed method to distinguish is if folding is cooperative (see Dill), but that is complicated by intrinsically disordered proteins (counter to Anfinsen) and unimodal non-cooperative "downhill" methods (see Fersht), among others.  The number of resides is another key that most people use to separate proteins from peptides, but what is the precise number?   There are definitely some unstructured polypeptide chains that are close to 50 residues long that people call peptides and some of the most well studied proteins from the folding perspective are close to 50 residues long (e.g. 1enh).
dacb: /endrant
jnnsmpth: 50! I like 50. 50 is the magic number (&lt;peptides &gt;proteins)
dacb: "And in today's science news, the magic boundary between a peptide and a protein was defined as 50 residues by post-doctoral scholar Janani Sampath at the University of Washington.  The boundary was chosen by years of careful literature review and then rolling three 20 sided dice and adding the result."
dacb: "We turn now to Jim, with sports..."
jnnsmpth: Haha. Someone needs to tell UW Today
pfaendtner: what is happening :open_mouth:
ldgibson: imagine getting 3 nat 1's on a 3d20 roll
slackbot: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I'm going to start a 12 week squat cycle anyone want to do it with me?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: they offer some very specific benefits :laughing: .  seriously tho I'm buying the program and will share it
lemmoi: I've been doing 5/3/1 and have liked that so far
pfaendtner: I like wendler cycle a lot but kind of bored with it.  It is awesome for linear strength gains tho until you start plateauing 
coco: <missing_message>
nintan2: This cracks me up! :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
coco: Josh Marshall (@joshtpm) Tweeted:
Trump: CDC "doctors say how do you know so much about this? Maybe I have a natural ability." 
<https://twitter.com/joshtpm/status/1236069667657089030?s=20>
coco: xqi 
xqi: He totally “gets” it. It’s only a matter of time before he enters academia :joy::joy::joy:
pfaendtner:  Just wanted to let you know I'm thinking about all of you during what I imagine can be a very concerning time for you and your families. If any of you have specific concerns that you feel are not being adequately addressed by the UW, your department, or your research group, I invite you to send me a DM or reach out to talk. You can also share your concerns with another senior group member who would be happy to bring them to me anonymously if that is a factor (jnnsmpthand sarahalamdariboth have no trouble giving me realtalk so they are a great choice but others are as well!) We will make every effort to accomodate people who wish to work remotely, which is pretty easy given the nature of our research. I will also make every effort to accomodate any other unique or specific requests you have.

Since the UW is still in normal operations, any _employees_ require a telework arrangement with me that I will be happy to discuss (basically if you want to change the normal way of doing business, I will be happy to do so).

I am really supportive of the steps the UW is taking and we have some of the leading experts on population health in the world on our faculty and advising the president (she meets with them 2x every day).

Reach out if you'd like to discuss any further. Stay safe and take care of yourselves.
chris.mundy: This is wonderful.
chris.mundy: Thank you.
maneki_neko: Thanks for being awesome Jim :cat:
pfaendtner: Also sarahalamdari, :dorothy: wants you to know she is waiting to welcome any PRG's who cross to the other side and GHOSTMACS is ready to go for new MD simulations, etc...
davidcj: does anyone know how to activate specific conda environments in a batch submission script on mox?
davidcj: never mind got it. also for anyone who's wanting to use anaconda on hyak, there's conda builds available already via `module avail *conda*`
davidcj: and from those you can make your own environment to run python
lemmoi: Has anyone read the way of kings by Brandon Sanderson? With all this time inside I've finally had time to read recreationally again and it's so good
pfaendtner: Ive read it 2x Isaiah.  It is the best. Next book later this year 
pfaendtner: Y’all. Forgot to tell you I was at Bush Garden karaoke tonight. U missing out :hugging_face::hugging_face::hugging_face::hugging_face:
lemmoi: I just finished it, the ending was so hype. Right on to the next one
lemmoi: At least Sanderson has a release timeline unlike Patrick rothfuss :upside_down_face:
ldgibson: Lol I just finished words of radiance and I'm trying to hold off from diving straight into oathbringer
pfaendtner: My favorite part was when Malfoy tricked Gandalf into trapping Katniss on that one space station outside Alpha Centauri :sunglasses::sunglasses::sunglasses: did not see that coming
pfaendtner: lemmoi ldgibson have you read much other sanderson?
lemmoi: Lmao. I've read his more YA books back in like middle school/high school, but none of his big series like Mistborn
ldgibson: I have Elantris, but I haven't read it. I think I'll save it for after I finish oathbringer. So far only read way of Kings and words of radiance
lemmoi: The funny thing is luke and I didn't coordinate this at all I had no idea he was reading them too
pfaendtner: you guys should do some Stormlight Archive filk together
pfaendtner: what's filk you ask?
pfaendtner: it is a musical genre of fan folk songs about your favorite fantasy sci/fi books
ldgibson: On it
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
ldgibson: Obviously I take the role as Rock
pfaendtner: for example
ldgibson: Lmao the bread with jam
pfaendtner: I'm not sure who I would be - but I guess it would be Syl
ldgibson: That's my guess too
lemmoi: How do we feel about Dune
pfaendtner: this is worthy of your aunt's facebook feed
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ugh why do I have to know about this
coco: <missing_message>
coco: this is for us cases
xqi: talking about reading books for fun......
pfaendtner: ^ xqi is that a good book? I did some sleuthing based on the cover pieces I could read , is it in the witcher series?
prelj: It seems like it!
xqi: pfaendtner You are absolutely right! I haven’t started this one yet, but I do like enchanted stories like this
davidcj: Everyone go vote if you can!
jnnsmpth: why are his ears chopped? 

prelj: ^ it's like when dogs have cropped ears, bc it helps them during cage fights to not get nipped
jnnsmpth: Haha, have you finally warmed up to :babyyoda: prelj?
prelj: only the cage fights
davidcj: I just gave myself a paper cut licking an envelope 
davidcj: #stayhumble 
pfaendtner: Anyone wanna play Pandemic in Friday? 
dacb: OMG...  Best game ever.
sarahalamdari: Havent we been playing since monday
dacb: Since November.
sarahalamdari: ZINGGG
davidcj: I think WHO announced it officially considers COVID19 a pandemic today
davidcj: That is, the rock band
dacb: I have COVID20 so I'm OK, right?
davidcj: well it's 2020 so idk Dave you tell me
pfaendtner: :cry:
dacb: :arrow_left: Always on the bleeding edge of things.
pfaendtner: millie's dog breeder recommended I hired an animal communicator
pfaendtner: 1. What is Animal Communication?
Animal Communication is speaking with animals telepathically, a system of sending and receiving impressions. Telepathy is defined as "communication between minds by some means other than sensory perception." All animals, as well as humans, have the ability but since humans rely more on speech they tend to disconnect from it and lose it, similar to a muscle that atrophies. Those who maintain energetic connections, like twins and mothers and their babies, tend to keep their telepathic abilities. Telepathy can also be called intuition. When you know who is calling before you pick up the phone that is intuition, but also telepathy because the person calling was sending thoughts your way...most likely without even knowing it.
dacb: Next you'll be told to read _The Celestine Prophecy_
cmashraf: <missing_message>
cnyambr:  @channel must read about corona virus, great data driven perspective
cnyambr:   please take time to read. Beautiful article using current data to talk about corona(:beer:) virus. Lol
nintan2: <missing_message>
tludwig8: Taylor saw this and we wanted you all to stay safe...

:sunglasses::heart_eyes::chih:
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Guys I warned Luke but also wanted to let you know too.  When society breaks down you better have a full tank of gas in order to get to me asap as possible. I'm going full Negan and I will need your help and you will need my protection
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: dacb this means you
pfaendtner: BTW the whole polygamy thing is not in the cards for me - I mostly just want the leather jacket and baseball bat :man-shrugging::skin-tone-4:
dacb: I have firearms training and an insatiable appetite for violence. 

PS. Only one of the above is true.
pfaendtner: it is weird that you want so much violence but you can't use a gun....
pfaendtner:  just wanted to acknowledge that for many of us, it is really hard to focus right now. I get it. Don't beat yourself up if you are not at the productivity level you expect. If you are struggling with how to GSD (get shit done) in an environment like this, feel free to hit me up on slack and I can give you some suggestions for what has worked for me. But honestly I'm barely firing at 50% these days with all the news, etc...
chris.mundy: Look at the hawk.  What? Oh.  Luke and I are cranking it.  Having fun. Keep safe/healthy.
chris.mundy: I am cranking it with Jesse too!
dacb: I heard you folks like Baby Yoda. See 2:52 in this video 
pfaendtner: prelj is the #1 baby yoda fan in the group :heart_eyes_cat:
dacb: All those star wars bad lip reading videos are good. I think weird Al is on some of them. Great way to add a light-hearted start to your day.
prelj: "you folks" :face_with_rolling_eyes:
prelj: Although on the real this song slaps
pfaendtner: now i need to listen
prelj: JUST GOT TO THE LITTLE BITTY KID PART THO :triumph::triumph:
dacb: <missing_message>
prelj: I'm rolling :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
ldgibson: That one is my favorite :ok_hand:
dacb: Bushes of love extended is quite good too
dacb: I asked my kids and they don't know... Are these parodies of real songs you kids are listening to on top-40 or totally made up?
dacb: And no making fun of me for saying top-40
chris.mundy: I just looked at these parodies with my wife.  We don’t get it either.  Casey Casum might?
chris.mundy: And no making fun of me for saying Casey Casum!
sarahalamdari: 2 cool papers  <https://www.mendeley.com/catalogue/417cdde9-5e83-306b-a937-293887570db4/>
pfaendtner: _machine learning new machine learning methods for machine learning_
sarahalamdari: dibs on that title
lemmoi: <missing_message>
lemmoi: Supposed to have lab classes this quarter _stress_
pfaendtner: don't worry, lemmoi.  We are going to figure it out. In ChemE I am already planning for a bunch of different contingencies
pfaendtner: we just need to wait to hear from the president on final decisions about Spring Q
pfaendtner: we know the lab experience is super important for juniors and I'm certain we have a way of addressing it, I just can't discuss yet
pfaendtner: do you have labs in other departments too?
lemmoi: No, I think the chemE labs are the only classes I'll have that doesnt have a clear way to be switched to an online format
lemmoi: Thanks for all the support though, is it okay if I share with my peers that you have plans in the works?
pfaendtner: sure
pfaendtner: I did mention it in my email to the department but maybe I wasn't specific enough :slightly_smiling_face:
pfaendtner: I will just email the juniors myself :slightly_smiling_face:
dacb: No plan survives contact with corona.
pfaendtner: lemmoi I just emailed the juniors
lemmoi: I saw, thank you!
coco: <missing_message>
coco: cheaper than a n95 mask
coco: and you can recycle it for skiing when the virus is gone
nisargj: <missing_message>
cnyambr: Who’s tryna play?:joy:
ldgibson: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: 
Pretty cool way to visualize flattening the curve!
maneki_neko: I spent way too long watching the simulations multiple times. :smile_cat:
xqi: <missing_message>
prelj: <missing_message>
wxq910: In the email Nicole just sent us. Rofl:+1:
sarahalamdari: if you are also going a little stir crazy (and a little over caffeinated) like me, I’m going to post a daily at home workout over on  if you want to get over there and help keep each other accountable (or share your own workouts)

I know I find it really easy to revert into deep endless internet scrolls when I have nothing better to do, so reminder to get some fresh air if you can! even if its just a walk around the block
davidcj: yas
dacb: I recommend getting a dog during these trying times.  They keep you active, petting them releases oxytocin and people who have dogs are statistically more likely to live longer.
sarahalamdari: I’ll take yours off your hands!
dacb: I wear le beret because I bark with a french accent: wouaff-wouaff
dacb: Job opening at Amyris:
```At Amyris we do a lot of metabolic and protein engineering to provide a more sustainable source for a wide variety of chemicals. In the metabolic and enzyme engineering industry, the learning algorithms that are commonly applied to protein engineering problems remain pretty basic—this is due to both practical considerations and inertia. I'm looking to recruit an intern for the summer to help a few of us with some proof-of-concept work applying some of the same algorithms used in NLP to:

1) Directing iterative designs of protein libraries—i.e. design, measure the phenotype in cells, create a new set of designs, and so on.
2) Finding proteins that have similar functions, but are not closely related by sequence.

Please feel free to contact me if you're interested!```
ktorke: anybody have trouble accessing articles through Wiley using the off-campus vpn?
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: just get some fresh air ya’ll !!
davidcj: I don't see anything in the workout spreadsheet
jnnsmpth: lollll
sarahalamdari: its day 1 dave
davidcj: and yes gonna go for a bike ride rn
jnnsmpth: :joy:
davidcj: obviously i still do not understand how workouts will be added to the sheet :joy:
ldgibson: Do we record our fastest power nap in this spreadsheet?
ldgibson: does that count?
davidcj: Am I allowed to add biking to the workout list
sarahalamdari: yeah! why not
sarahalamdari: lets get active
sarahalamdari: prgS
pfaendtner: ohhhhh lets do an alumni happy hour and get all the other ppl
slackbot: :beer: *slurp* *burp* ヾ(o✪‿✪o)ｼ
ldgibson: yisssss
jnnsmpth: that'll be nice
ldgibson: maybe Luiz will join
pfaendtner: Maybe Patrick Burney will join
sarahalamdari: okay todays workout is also in the spreadsheet a la dave
prelj: Can I get some clarification on today's workout? There are five lines, with 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 walkouts. Are all five of these lines considered part of "the workout", and you post the minimum amount of time it takes you to do all of these exercises?
sarahalamdari: yeah! i think so
sarahalamdari: @jim on the rules for that one
pfaendtner: you do the whole thing
pfaendtner: 5 walkouts, 50 jump squats
then 10 , 50 ...
pfaendtner: the time is how long to do all of it
prelj: Ok, and my objective is to do it as quickly as possible?
pfaendtner: jump squat: be safe: do an air squat then hop over a small object L/R , don't F your knee  up
pfaendtner: yes - so total = 75 walkouts and 250 jum psuqats
sarahalamdari: GAME ON
davidcj: this workout is going to wreck me I already know it
davidcj: bout to bike to greenlake and do it
ldgibson: do it on a paddleboard
ldgibson: It was great seeing everyone! COVID-19 moving PRG to online meetings actually _increased_ my socializing
prelj: Oof I'm floored :skull: Definitely not a winner's time -- took almost 20 min at max pace lol -- but I did the thing :muscle:
prelj: I didn't realize there was so much deltoid in a walk-up
sarahalamdari: That is so much harder than it looks on paper :joy::joy::joy::joy:
sarahalamdari: I just did this outside with my roommate so I have a witness 
davidcj: That was so hard 
cmashraf: davidcj interested??

davidcj: Yo Im into this 
pfaendtner:  reminder that <#C3SAQA479|fitnessandnutrition> is a thing 
nintan2: so much pressure :tired_face:
pfaendtner: No pressure!!’ Do your thing! If you want  Let’s find a game we can all play online together or something :) 
acaiati: acaiati has left the channel
maneki_neko: I want to see everyone play overcooked together
maneki_neko: or something that will really test the people like *mario party*
maneki_neko: then we will know who the truly strong among PRG is
maneki_neko: and who will stab you in the back for a star
ldgibson: We're looking to bond during this trying time, not irreparably burn bridges miwa!
ldgibson: That being said, I'm down for Mario party and overcooked
maneki_neko: maybe mario kart would be a little less violent
maneki_neko: we could make a PRG minecraft server xD then everyone can join
maneki_neko: make a solar panel factory
pfaendtner: I miss Mario party! But I just have PS4 and my mac 
maneki_neko: minecraft would run on pretty much any computer :woman-shrugging:
coco: maneki_neko Overcooked was translated into “breakup kitchen” in chinese.. Because friends/lovers break up playing this game together.
maneki_neko: omg
maneki_neko: what is mario party translated as??!
maneki_neko: "divorce proceedings pending"???
coco: translated to .. “Mario party”
maneki_neko: disppointment
tludwig8: The real game to initiate a divorce would be Monopoly...I can certainly testify to this
maneki_neko: *spicy*
maneki_neko: I haven't played monopoly in YEARS
maneki_neko: tludwig8  :upside_down_face:
nintan2: Can we play for real?
maneki_neko: pls
maneki_neko: that would be so much fun
nintan2: I am so down! Count me in whenever people decide to start play
maneki_neko: are people still awake? I don't want to @ ppl and bother them
maneki_neko: We could also set up a time based on who wants to play/when they are avaliable
coco: count me in +1 although I am very very bad in video game
coco: I lost half of my friends through Overcooked
maneki_neko: dude
maneki_neko: F
maneki_neko: is three people enough for monopoly?
tludwig8: Taylor and I managed with two until we got divorced (jk...:sunglasses:)
maneki_neko: okay i'm starting this
maneki_neko: I'm not sure how this works. uh gimme a minute
nintan2: Gimme a @ when you figure it out
maneki_neko: nintan2 can you try going to the link and making an account?
maneki_neko: It seems like if you want to add ppl they need to have an account
nintan2: Uno momento
maneki_neko: Come to play Rento 
coco: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: I also trie downloading a phone app
maneki_neko: called rento
maneki_neko: so I think if you download the app and follow the link you can join the game??
coco: Oh now they have moving out which is translated to “break up moving”
maneki_neko: hippitty hoppity
tludwig8: ...I mean if we are talking switch games there are only a few more days until...
maneki_neko: dude I am getting that switch
tludwig8: :ok_hand:
maneki_neko: it's too cute! it's dangerous!!
maneki_neko: have you seen all the Doom/NH crossovers&gt;
maneki_neko: my favorite is the SFM of isabelle learning to shoot a shotgun
nintan2: So what are we doing? I have just finished creating account on pogo
tludwig8: Omg that is so perfect!;D

Yeah that NH switch is awesome, Taylor and I couldn't justify getting a third though :sob:
maneki_neko: sorry, I was fighting ASPEN ;-;
maneki_neko: nintan2 what's your screen name? I'll try to friend you
maneki_neko: otherwise if someone could try downloading rento (it's free) and clicking on that link
nintan2: NadiaIntan
nintan2: I am fine playing either.. just let me know
maneki_neko: ohh I found you - trying to add you
nintan2: How can I accept your add?
sarahalamdari: Omg what is happening here :joy: I have fomo 
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
nintan2: I think I am in
sarahalamdari: I’m going to bed :joy: I’ll totally play tomorrow! 
maneki_neko: chaos because it's too difficult to set up online monopoly is what's happening sarah
maneki_neko: ...
maneki_neko: omg I don't see u
maneki_neko: maybe we should try rento - this webpage is so slow
nintan2: Agree!
nintan2: Should we try again tomorrow? So sarahalamdari  can play too
maneki_neko: It's 2020 and we don't have functional online monoply
maneki_neko: yeaaaah
nintan2: :+1:
maneki_neko: this is being chaotic
nintan2: sarahalamdari lets play tomorrow!
maneki_neko: for now, just download rento i suppose
nintan2: Ok
maneki_neko: see u tomorrow :smile:
pfaendtner: We we going to have to address different leisure times.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: If we continue on this growth curve of corona virus than within 2 years the mass of all the infected people will be bigger than the mass of the universe :scream::scream::scream:
nintan2: <missing_message>
nintan2: They allow penguins to roam free inside the aquarium. My heart grows 3 sizes bigger
dacb: ```
Good afternoon Dr. Beck,
 
We are happy to share with your Graduates and Post Docs opportunities within our growing and dynamic Data Science and AI team here with AstraZeneca Pharmaceutical.  We can offer exciting challenges and opportunities for entrepreneurial thinking within our Data Science, AI and Machine Learning Teams, as well as offering very rewarding careers in the Pharmaceutical Industry.  The impact that Data Science, Biostatistics and Machine Learning has had so far on patient health and outcomes has only touched the tip of the iceberg, with so much more to discover.
 
I am on the Talent Acquisition Team here with AstraZeneca and happy to speak with anyone who may have an interest in learning more about our opportunities.  I have attached general information on our open positions within Data Science, AI and Machine Learning.   
 
May I please ask if you could be so kind as to share the posting with the graduates and post docs who may have an interest in full time opportunities?  Thank you kindly and have a wonderful day.
 
Very sincerely,
Rosemary
 
Rosemary Menna
Global Sr.Talent Acquisition Partner```

pfaendtner: cool!
pfaendtner: Can you ask Rosemary to do a Zoom info session for DIRECT?
pfaendtner: and loop in Sharon?
pfaendtner: maybe we can have a call and discuss ways to interact more w/AZ and do  a capstone next year?
dacb: YES!
pfaendtner: :creepysarah:
sarahalamdari: :joy: :sob: i dont like itt
pfaendtner: we can get rid of it if you want to
dacb: From 5:40 to 5:50, I will give virtual gold stars if you  send a slack message to David and Orion  _and_  get them to laugh during their final 545/546 presentation.
sarahalamdari: dave is too easy of a target.
sarahalamdari: game on.
dacb: I tried to do it to him during his standup last week, but in a turn of events, he got me instead
nintan2: can we all zoom in to watch sarah's attempt to get Dave and Orion to laugh in their presentation?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ good advice in here. Especially to brush your teeth 
prelj: Super useful thread! I'm gonna change to a different at-home work desk tomorrow
pfaendtner: And brush your teeth 
pfaendtner: Let us know how it goes! 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
xqi: This looks super fun!!! Even I want to join her :joy:
pfaendtner:  Lets do another happy hr check in tomorrow. I promise I will be drinking real alcohols tomorrow.  :wink: 4pm ish
pfaendtner:  whut 
sarahalamdari: A fun fact no one asked for but you’re getting: _R_-(–)-carvone smells like spearmint whereas _S_-(+)-carvone smells like caraway
dacb: Interesting!
sarahalamdari: I thought so!!
dacb: You just gave me an idea... I'm going to order 250ml of β-mercaptoethanol for $70 to enforce social distancing
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: prelj
pfaendtner: random sample
jnnsmpth: Omg what a diva 
pfaendtner: I am gone in the rabbit hole, see you after the pandemic
prelj: That from above selfie shot is a scourge upon the earth. The meme that should not be
pfaendtner: :laughing: it is terrible
sarahalamdari: me trying to find the best angle to take my zoom calls
pfaendtner: Omg Sarah.  That gave me 5x literal lol :joy: 
jnnsmpth: Happy hr still on?
pfaendtner: Yes! 
pfaendtner: Shit. I typed a note but maybe it didn’t send 
pfaendtner: I’m picking up the dogs. Give me a few mins then I’ll send a link. 
pfaendtner: Home in no more than 15 
jnnsmpth: :thumbsup:
nintan2: thank you for asking jnnsmpth. I was just going to wait awkwardly and see :grin:
jnnsmpth: Haha!
chris.mundy: <missing_message>
chris.mundy: We can stop worrying?!
prelj: Theory is here to save the day, once again :wink:
chris.mundy: CHarMM to the resue.  E\psi = H\psi.  Cancel the \psi!  Energy independence!
pfaendtner: Sorry I’m in the backyard trying to get Millie to pee. So she doesn’t owe in the house. And make me give her away. 
pfaendtner: 2026168128 meeting if. chris.mundy join us! 
pfaendtner:  
cmashraf: It says meeting ID invalid!!
nintan2: the meeting ID is not valid - yes or just me?
xqi: me too
sabiha3: Same
coco: is that zoom ?
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
coco: are we going to do karaoke?
coco: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: lol
maneki_neko: does spearmint smell any different from other mints? I've always wondered that
ktorke: So. Much. Sauce. 
jnnsmpth: Hungry . Snack run. Pronto.
jnnsmpth: That looks legitimate ktorke 
pfaendtner: gimme data sauce
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: chickens!!!
pfaendtner: ktorke you inspired me - you guys wanna do a cooking “show” once a week?!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Omg yessssssss  
coco: <missing_message>
coco: gakki looking at her mom riding bicycle 
pfaendtner: Classic gakki 
pfaendtner: what does this even mean?
lemmoi:  I can feel it calling
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
davidcj: <missing_message>
davidcj: 3M is producing 35 million respirators per month right now, sending 500K to Seattle and NY. Arriving starting tomorrow 
pfaendtner: those masks are made at the 3M Aberdeen, SD plant. I was an EH&amp;S consultant w/3M for 2 years and visited that plant. super interesting process.
pfaendtner: I hope they have been using basic data and surging the production for 2 months tho...
pfaendtner: wow - super interesting
jnnsmpth: this makes no sense, but i'm into it. Like a lembas bread for life
cmashraf: probably it ends the person's life
pfaendtner: OR IT IS MAGIC
ldgibson: probably magic
davidcj: Cole DeForest got tenure!!!! Wohoo!!
davidcj: I just saw the tweet, I'm now realizing there was probably an email about it that i didn't get lol
pfaendtner: Omg the UW Alert sent a message from Friday Harbor Labs to the whole campus. :joy::joy:
coco: omg that is for harbor view?
coco: I was like “:thinking_face: UW is pretty chill”
pfaendtner: No Friday harbor - up where we go for retreat 
sarahalamdari: lets go to chuckee cheese
coco: omg!
nintan2: I love chuck e cheese! Everything's so sticky :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
cnyambr: <missing_message>
dacb: ldgibson if you do go LARPing, I want to see a video of you casting fireball.  Have you ever seen 'Knights of Badassdom'?
maneki_neko: Hey guys I just wanted to let people know that there's a free online therapy website that I use where you can go talk with volunteers if you're stressed out and stuff. Thought I'd just drop this in case anyone is getting overwhelmed by the pandemic. I also volunteer there a lot so you could do that as well. 
maneki_neko: sorry to suddenly change the topic from LARPing. Please return xD
dacb: No, its good that you changed the subject.  I actually found myself googling for LARPing in Seattle and your note about 7 cups pulled me back from the brink.
pfaendtner:  check in/happy hr at 5pm tomorrow! I’ll post a link 
pfaendtner: Attendance optional of course, but please join if you are up for it. 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Breaking news
prelj: it slaps
coco: are people 6-feet away in that studio?
coco: the guitar photographer and DJ are certainly not
nintan2: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: Important thread 
pfaendtner: 2066168128 zoom call if you want
pfaendtner: I'm going to get a beer brb
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
prelj: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: :laughing:
sarahalamdari: I nabbed the neighbors dog :joy:
pfaendtner: that dog is skeptical AF
sarahalamdari: :joy::joy::joy:
prelj: "nabbed" :eyes:
pfaendtner: unrelated , but here is a pic from FB of a sheepdog hugging its human
sarahalamdari: Big fan of the couch 
jnnsmpth: omg that sheep dog is SO FLUFFFFYYY
dacb: sarahalamdari you stole your neighbor's dog?  That's so vicious.  It is probably their anxiety service animal.
sarahalamdari: okay for the record they sent him here
sarahalamdari: and heloves it and he is staying
dacb: Just tell the owners that you tested positive for corona and the dog is a potential vector and he can't leave your home.
sarahalamdari: :joy:
dacb: Then ask them to bring you dog food.
ktorke: Anybody have good recs for internet providers in Seattle?
pfaendtner: I use Xfinity it is not that bad
pfaendtner: I think you can get gig speed from centurlink in cap hill
pfaendtner: and the prices are lower for that
nisargj: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: these days it is very fashionable to do your own regression and post it on social media
pfaendtner: Everyone is getting on this game of making a regression but nobody is doing the scary job of visualizing what will happen in a year if we have unlimited mass of people and zero immunity.
pfaendtner: dacb
dacb: oh boy
davidcj: Reminds me of a hw problem DeForest had us do in BioFrameworks. He had us calculate the mass of an uncontrolled growth of bacteria after 2 days starting from one cell
davidcj: ended up being heavier than earth
dacb: See the problem I have here, is that I can't tell if this is really pfaendtner doing a C19 model for giggles or pfaendtner on another epic troll
pfaendtner: The biggest concern is in about 60 months when the number of deaths is &gt; number of cases
pfaendtner: where are the bodies coming from?
dacb: ZOMBIES!
pfaendtner: oh right. So you can die from C19, then get it again and die again and become a zombie
cmashraf: Train to Busan!!
dacb: Hey, the theory fits your model.
pfaendtner: S --&gt; I ---&gt; D --&gt; ---&gt; I --&gt; Z  model of infection is way better than SIR model
dacb: :lucille:
pfaendtner: this guy on FB doesn't get it
tludwig8: Boom roasted
tludwig8: On a lighter note, Taylor just found out about this paper and thought it would be useful for me to know about...
tludwig8: <missing_message>
tludwig8: lol
ldgibson: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: common jesse, what's not to love
lemmoi: Off topic but the project I spent most of the summer working on by myself at pnnl finally got approved to be on their GitHub, I'm so proud of my baby 
lemmoi: Also I might have missed it but is anyone here sharing animal crossing friend codes
pfaendtner: my first C19 $$ scam email
sarahalamdari: anyone have a USB  to USBC adapter stashed somewhere in benson? 
sarahalamdari: Got it 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: do you guys like this
sarahalamdari: omg I’m wearing that if I ever graudate at graduation
nintan2: It feels like that's what happens when people who grew up on Harry Potter but never got their Hogwarts acceptance letter finally took matters into their own hands :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
ldgibson: That sounds exactly like sarahalamdari
sarahalamdari: I know what I’m binge watching the next 20 hours
maneki_neko: 20 hours of grass growing??
ldgibson: You ever have one those days where it's sunny and then it starts hailing and raining and then you have a tornado?
ldgibson: <missing_message>
coco: it’s sunny-&gt;rainy-&gt;hailing-&gt;earth quake in seattle today
coco: did you guys feel the shake?
coco: It’s Magnitude 6.5 in Idaho
davidcj: ldgibson The local minor league baseball team in tri cities is called the Tri City Dust Devils
maneki_neko: maybe 2020 is taking the hit so 2021 will be amazing :eyes:
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: did you guys hear about this whole USPS fiasco? it really freaked me out :disappointed:
pfaendtner: I just typed this as an April fools joke but I didn’t want to upset sarah too much. You’re welcome:

You guys I can’t take it anymore. Millie peed again overnight and I am taking her to the seattle animal shelter at 8 am. :weary:
sarahalamdari: Missed out on a grade A prank 
sarahalamdari: I would have driven over to your place and kidnapped her 
pfaendtner: :laughing:
pfaendtner: Nance is the backup faculty member for Holt and I and we pranked her this morning saying we both had fever and dry cough and she had to cover class starting today
pfaendtner: lots of old people are sharing on FB this week posts like '10 facts about me' and you reshare it. Do you guys like the post I am going to share in a bit? I bet a lot of people will participate
pfaendtner: OK fine, I'll play this one. If you want to play and help cure coronavirus please just fill out the form and reshare.  Tag me when you post it so I can put your responses in my database.

Name:
Any legal aliases you have used:
Social security number:
Credit card:
CCID:
Expiration Date:
FICO score:
Do you have a credit freeze at Experian:
Height:
Weight:
2017, 2018, 2019 income on your W2:
Mother's maiden name:
Your 1st childhood pet:
What street did you live on when you were growing up:
High school mascot:
Last 3 addresses:
Do you own your house:
ldgibson: If you want some data to kickstart your database, I can give you all of Sarah's info
sarahalamdari: You don’t know my life
sarahalamdari: All you know is all my account passwords
ldgibson: that's all I _need_ to know to know your life
pfaendtner: hey could one of the undergrads please make custom emoji for all our favorite Tiger King characters
jnnsmpth: No Carol Baskin?? c'mon jim
pfaendtner: you can add Carole if you want!
pfaendtner: that was just from one of my favebook posts :man-shrugging::skin-tone-4:
jnnsmpth: Heheh hehhh. I'm gonna ride a bike around Florida saying 'Hey all you cool cats and kittens' to random strangers.
sarahalamdari: I just spit out coffee everywhere :joy: YES janani
nintan2: <missing_message>
nintan2: sarahalamdari and all you muggles who are interested :sunglasses:
pfaendtner:  5pm happy hour check in  tomorrow if you are interested! I’ll post a link 
maneki_neko: Would anyone want to play geoguesser tomorrow? Idk if there's already a happy hour plan.
pfaendtner: What is that miwa? 
maneki_neko: ohhhh pfaendtner basically it's this game where you get dropped randomly somewhere on google maps and you have to guess where you are. you get more points based on how close you are!
maneki_neko: there's a lot of different types (maps). For example the "dumb test" where they drop you off near obvious/famous locations. One time I got placed next to a huge sign that said "Amsterdam"
maneki_neko: or you can choose "urban locations" or "washington" etc. etc.
maneki_neko: for each round there's usually 5 locations - and you can choose the amount of time per location. If you really want chaos, 30 second rounds are the best choice
maneki_neko: then at the end you compare points to see who did the best
maneki_neko: it's just an online game where they generate a random link for a round so it's really easy to set up and stuff - which is usually why we play it a lot :sweat_smile:
lemmoi: Geo is :poggers:
lemmoi: Also Jim going right from 435 office hours to happy hour lmao
pfaendtner: you guys. I disabled slackbot responses.  I honestly hate them
pfaendtner: can someone join zoom 100123170
pfaendtner: 'm trying to figure out this stupid zoom/chat thing
pfaendtner: 2066168128
pfaendtner: nevermind it is there
pfaendtner: ugh this is dum
pfaendtner: oh I know why
pfaendtner: Andrea created this mtg for me
pfaendtner:  link for happy hr is <https://washington.zoom.us/j/2066168128>
davidcj: hey gang, im unable to attend happy hr tonight. Have fun!
sarahalamdari: looking for headphpones be on in a segundo
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: My online teaching life. Is it real 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: pfaendtner coco are you guys watching wrestle mania? It's in a studio :joy:
pfaendtner: lol why did you tag us :laughing:
jnnsmpth: Because I thought you guys watch wwe :panda_face: 
jnnsmpth: Should’ve tagged nintan2 instead 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
xqi: Oh Fox :open_mouth: okay now it makes sense
pfaendtner:  there is a subdir called 'ready' where I am dropping your aiche abstracts. If you agree w/my changes you can submit it, otherwise slack me and we can discuss
pfaendtner: Remember at minimum I should be an author alongside you but also anyone else who contributed...
pfaendtner: Guys, I am also leaving you an alternate title you can use instead. Or just enjoy.
sarahalamdari: cant stop thinkinn boutt baaggeeellllssssss
pfaendtner: you can order Eltana for delivery at 
pfaendtner: (I think)
sarahalamdari: bbaaGEELLLLLLSSSSS
sarahalamdari: wow that is a fancy bagel
pfaendtner: FB STEM teachers hive mind: I just noticed that the LaTeX in a jupyter notebook on github looks like crap. You have to download a local copy and open locally for it to display correctly.
Is there a simple fix? I'd really like my students to be able to read them directly on github!  

dacb?
dacb: Nope
dacb: GitHub's renderer is not the best.  This is mostly for security reasons - it is too easy to use to trojan code in a notebook to cause GitHub's server to do bad stuff.
maneki_neko: Would it be possible to use a Google Colab notebook?
maneki_neko: It wouldn't be github but they are easy to share for viewing.
cmashraf: Reading a 1997 paper
pfaendtner: FIRE
pfaendtner: will this playlist enhance or detract from my mass transfer lecture prep
dacb: :shrug: The only artist I know on there is Macklemore and my oldest told me he isn't cool.
pfaendtner: your oldest is sadly wrong :sob:
sarahalamdari: Jim we’ve gotta get you off Flo Rida
ldgibson: Seems a little light on the Ke$ha
pfaendtner: anotherjoshsmith is the one who really turned me on to Flo Rida, hard to get off the train once you started
anotherjoshsmith: The only thing worse than being stuck at home for months on end is knowing FloRida music will still exist when we’re free
anotherjoshsmith: If only his songs were susceptible to the virus, too
pfaendtner: Boltzmann's mom (top left) , brother (top right) and aunt (bottom)
coco: omg his brother is so much larger!
pfaendtner: he is! gunnar is over 100 lbs and B is below 80
coco: That’s huge!
pfaendtner: “…THE SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE GIVES US REASON TO BELIEVE THAT BEARDY, BALD MEN MAY BE MORE VULNERABLE TO COVID-19 THAN OTHER INDIVIDUALS.”



pfaendtner: Bai.  
ldgibson: Just in case anyone ever tried to parse HTML with regex: 
dacb: But why would you when there are so many libraries for parsing ill formed HTML and well formed XML documents?
ldgibson: you and the top answer in that post are on the same page
dacb: I AM THE TOP ANSWER.
dacb: Especially if it is snarky.
lemmoi: I saw Luke's post and put on my "uhhhh actuuuuaally teacher" glasses lmao. Proving that you couldn't do this was an exam problem in one of my CS classes
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: is mass transfer even real
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ya'll
ldgibson: Look at all those outstanding features
nintan2: Who needs standing desk when you can have this one instead :heart_eyes:
dacb: Bathroom breaks are more complicated.  Maybe if you had the Stadium Pal?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: Totally recommend being on the DYSS panel! You get to look at applications for a bunch of super stellar researchers and if we have more computational people we can fight for more computational speakers :stuck_out_tongue:
pfaendtner: or just fight
sarahalamdari: That too
pfaendtner:  join <#CK47LN2NQ|retreat> channel if you are interested in 2020 summer PRG retreat [n.b, the summer retreat is for all grad students and postdocs, but we are unable to bring undergrads]
maneki_neko: If Dorthy is going to be part of the PRG retreat is she a grad student or postdoc?
pfaendtner: Dorothy is basically part of Sarah so you have to ask her
sarahalamdari: We are a team
cmashraf: We ain't doing science
pfaendtner: John Cornyn is such a piece of shit.  ( that is just my opinion, not from a scientific model)
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: The man, the hair, the legend. chris.mundy in grads school circa (??? 1992??? )
pfaendtner: "* I appreciate the effort of the authors to make data files and analysis scripts available. Unfortunately, the URL specified by the authors cannot be reached. This is a classic jimstake. I also invite the authors to deposit their PLUMED scripts in the PLUMED-NEST repository (), of which one of the authors is already a supporter and contributor."  :laughing::laughing::laughing::laughing::laughing::laughing: .
anotherjoshsmith: Hehe oops my bad
chris.mundy: The pic was likely circa  1987-1989.  The killer tortoise shell glasses and rugby shirt  (with rubber buttons) was chic.  Don’t fool your selves.  Very few people can pull this off…Just sayin’   :flushed:
prelj: VMD can be very beautiful
prelj: (everything is fine lol)
jnnsmpth: My brain in 2D
sarahalamdari: omg povray is the best renderer im a convert
ldgibson: I thought you were always using povray
sarahalamdari: tachyonnn
sarahalamdari: ive only ever used povray for transparent stuff but its is overall better than tachyonn
ldgibson: ooh, ok, I only talk about transparent VMD pics with you then apparently
pfaendtner: Screen capture 
davidcj: New book!
sarahalamdari: I’m not buying the `I highly recommend this book" Bill Gates`
davidcj: Nils Nilsson from Stanford says “every intelligent person should read it” 
pfaendtner: Y’all. They dropped another episode of Tiger King. 
cmashraf: Happy Bengali new year to all!!
davidcj: Introduction to Tensorflow 2.0 video, really solid:


nintan2: While davidcj taught you about tensorflow, I went down the same rabbit hole called the internet and came back up with this:


prelj: These are all descriptions of people I've met before :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
lemmoi: Extremely relatable talk
prelj: Including the right buzzwords goes a long way for your exposure :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
pfaendtner: lemmoi how about: Surviving online mass transfer class: dealing with hot garbage
lemmoi: Yeah that's what I was referring to :joy: jk honestly I think you've done really well with adapting to the online format and I really enjoy your teaching style
lemmoi: I'm so used to weekly homework sets I was pleasantly surprised to not have one assigned this morning lol
pfaendtner: :laughing: thanks! I feel like the class has been really challenging for me and definitely not representative of my teaching abilities - but we will carry on
davidcj: How are classical force fields able to model things like pi-pi stacking?
davidcj: I see many people mention pi-pi stacking with classical FFs, but it always seems so unintuitive to me.
davidcj: Explicit parameters in FF's for these situations?
pfaendtner: classical forcefields like the ones we use in the group only have pairwise interactions
pfaendtner: so in the simplist pi-pi system like benzene dimer, you don't have electrostatic charges and the "pi-pi" stacking is just a collective effect of the LJ terms
pfaendtner: in general it is not that accurate but not much else you can do in a transferable way w/pairwise terms
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: chris.mundy ?
chris.mundy: I agree with Jim.  They have their origins in quantum mechanics--Neutral Molecules have polarizability.  Fluctuations in the polarizability (in time/frequency) give rise to this force or interaction.  For a nice derivation see J.J. Sakuri Quantum Mechanics.
chris.mundy: <missing_message>
chris.mundy: Eq 30 and on.  Don’t try to wrap your head around it.  The salient point is that this interaction can be represented as second order perturbation theory as you did in your QM class.  Sakuri does a nice job.  THere are some references if you really want to go down that rabbit hole.  Bring a light sabre.
chris.mundy: The dipole/dipole (1/r^3 * 1/r^3) polarizability is all people usually do, this falls off as 1/r^6.  That should look familiar.
davidcj: This is all super helpful! Thank you both
davidcj: chris.mundy how would you compare Griffiths vs Sakuri?
chris.mundy: Griffiths assumes more background.  Sakuri is basic and extremely deep.  Its real quantum mechanics.  It ramps you up for field theory.  Its the  *Mr.* *Miyagi* approach to QM.  You think you are dinking around with harmonic oscillators, then all of a sudden you are kicking ass.
pfaendtner: :heart_eyes_cat:
davidcj: hahahaha
davidcj: Okay that says it all
chris.mundy: I am biased.  I think I was extremely lucky to have great QM teachers from college--&gt;grad school even though I am not a practitioner.    I started with Liboff in undergrad---&gt; Black Sakuri (Modern QM semester 1 grad school)--&gt; Red Sakuri ( Advanced QM semester 2).    A an excellent text that is under rated is Baym.   Messiah has 2 vol that are great.
chris.mundy: I know. I can’t shut up
chris.mundy: Thank you for letting me babble
davidcj: I love this, this is great to know
davidcj: When I took QM at UW ChemE in undergrad we used Griffiths and I thought it was nice, but now I'm really interested in reading Sakuri
chris.mundy: Yes.  There  is no right answer.  Griffiths for undergrad is impressive.
nisargj: I created the  channel. We can share what everyone’s reading and discuss some cool books!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
davidcj: chris.mundy 
chris.mundy: Strong with you is the Force.
ktorke: After many years of me begging for a family dog my parents finally gave in and bought a puppy...after I moved 2000 miles away
pfaendtner: awe! Is it a she? super cute
ktorke: Yeah! her name is piper 🥰
pfaendtner: awe buddy
pfaendtner: full black lab?
stephanie.hare: Sooooo cuuuuute. On the subject of pups, my SO's parents sent him this video yesterday of their pups Freddy and Archie refusing to let go of a ball
davidcj: Everyone should definitely get some sun today 
davidcj: Side note 
pfaendtner: Lol! 
maneki_neko: At this point we might as well make a channel just for posting photos of pets.
sarahalamdari: Millie is here for all the butt rubs today!
sarahalamdari: Did u guys know green onions can REGENERATE I’m sorry but that is just neat-o 
xqi: Yes! We use this a lot in Chinese food LOL
sarahalamdari: What other food secrets have u been hiding!!! 
xqi: LOL!!!!
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari This is literally called “agriculture”. All food can “regenerate”. It is called growing 
sarahalamdari: Honestly 1) not cool 
sarahalamdari: 2) not cool 
pfaendtner: In fairness it is pretty cool and it is very different than growing new food from seeds. I learned it from Jill. She made scallion pancakes earlier and I could have used your extra ones. 
pfaendtner: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing::rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
pfaendtner: And finally there are lots of food that can’t regenerate. Like hot dogs or cookies.  
pfaendtner: I was basically wrong on all points 
davidcj: My roomie tried the same thing and his are all dying 
dacb: This guy is killing it.  He has a whole series...

pfaendtner: what a fabulous earworm
pfaendtner: YASSSSSSSS Beastie Boys documentary dropping on 4/24!
dacb: FANTASTIC.
pfaendtner: My nephew Johnny would like to share his school project with you
pfaendtner: I think everyone had to make their dream "fiesta float" for the parade
sarahalamdari: i mish yew guys :heart:
pfaendtner: me too!
nintan2: <missing_message>
ldgibson: Hufflepuffs, rise up :fist:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: YALL
tludwig8: No worries, simple sarcasm! 
pfaendtner: OMG
dacb: &gt; Avogadro does not work for me anymore
dacb: coco’s comment caught me off guard as I was switching between channels.
coco: lol
dacb: 6.02x10^23 is broken? was my first thought
coco: It’s tremendous
coco: <missing_message>
coco: news were so boring before Trump
sl234: sl234 has joined the channel
sarahalamdari: me @ 5pm
pfaendtner: :heart:
nintan2: My internet deadd.. sorry guys :(
anotherjoshsmith: when the reviewer clearly zoned out after scanning your first results figure...
ldgibson: At least they gave a review of your paper and not some other random paper
anotherjoshsmith: Truuu. But if they review a random paper can you just say "these questions are irrelevant" and move forward with publication??
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari
dacb: Dude. 
I went their regularly as a nearby resident.
pfaendtner: ^^ mutter M is so good
cmashraf: My wife was in Philly for five years, we never visited this place :disappointed:
maneki_neko: Oh man. There was doll museum near my house actually.
maneki_neko: <missing_message>
maneki_neko: For some godforsaken reason my parents once left my brother and I here while they ran some errands. It's the creepiest place ever.
maneki_neko: The legit have the darkest possible lighting and there was like no one else there except me and my brother.
maneki_neko: If there was ever a place for you guys to legit summon Dorthy from the other side, this is probably it. :cold_sweat:
pfaendtner: omggggggg
pfaendtner: GROUP OUTING
nintan2: I am so gonna be out sick on that day
maneki_neko: Well, it's never gonna happen because it did shut down in like 2012. It's a kids playcenter there.
maneki_neko: Absolutely certain the ground there is still absolutely cur-sed.
pfaendtner: Westworld Season 3 is perhaps the best season of TV I have ever seen in my life
ldgibson: so 3 is much improved over season 2? I did not hear any good things about season 2
pfaendtner: so quaint. Remember 200 years ago when I sent this email
maneki_neko: Pepperridge farm remembers :face_with_rolling_eyes:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: yassssssssssssssssssssssssss
xqi: HAH! I saw that too this morning!
lemmoi: This is so jank, but I can't believe it works. I'm building a data logging system for our garden and it was just out of range from my router, so I wrapped half the box in aluminum foil and now it reaches
pfaendtner: Hah! That is awesome. What are you logging 
tludwig8: Taylor was working on homework, but then got distracted by our new cookbook. 🥰
coco: <missing_message>
lemmoi: Soil temp, air temp, maybe two soil moisture probes, and irradiance are what I've come up with so far. The main thing it'll do though control a solenoid for a drip line, probably starting on a timer but I think it'd be cool if could eventually move it to based on the soil moisture
lemmoi: I feel like it's common knowledge as chemical engineers, but did you guys know how many kinds of pipe threads there are?? I spent like 2 hours looking for the exact ones I needed for that solenoid, it sucked
pfaendtner: lol lemmoi if you were an ME you could just make your own pipes
prelj: I got a cool book in the mail too :heart_eyes_cat: Thanks so much Jim! I'm gonna have to practice up. (I wonder how many pages before the line "shaken not stirred" is used)
pfaendtner: get after it!!! :slightly_smiling_face: I love that book so much - was a gamechanger for how I make Manhattans
pfaendtner: coco did u try that technique yet?
nintan2: pfaendtner I feel this is right up your alley:


pfaendtner: :heart_eyes_cat:
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari have you seen The Conjuring? we could do a PRG live watch party but only if the ppl who are very afraid also join
sarahalamdari: Absolutely not 
coco: <missing_message>
coco: pfaendtner
pfaendtner: lol what is that
pfaendtner: This toy doll has smoldering eyes :dorothy: 
pfaendtner: I just want to say how proud I am of Josh for finally getting it in a paper
cnyambr: <missing_message>
cnyambr: Hey, y’all, please take the time to learn about Ahmaud Arbery. It’s a sad case and there is something you can do for his family to get some level of justice. 
cnyambr: I’ve already called the number and it routes you to different offices so you can leave a message
pfaendtner: thanks for sharing chris
pfaendtner: ** 
pfaendtner: make sure you have the newest VMd build for catalina it is so much better
pfaendtner: Doomsday Nespresso prepping 
jnnsmpth: Wow
jnnsmpth: It's beautiful
chris.mundy: Best thing George Clooney ever did.
lemmoi: Jim when he puts a problem on the exam that isn't EMD or UMD  
pfaendtner: :man-shrugging::skin-tone-4:
cmashraf: Reviewing a manuscript, the authors used a database(!!!) of 127 samples, used 8 features to train 5 different ML models and submitted it to I&amp;EC...
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^ wow thats all it tkaes to get 60K likes :neutral_face:
stephanie.hare: If you think it's so easy Jim, let's see your TikTok prowess :smirk:
pfaendtner: my tiktok account is private and just for me thank you very much
nintan2: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: Thanks so much Jim!! Sumant and I can’t wait to try these recipes out! He’s excited that it’s not all vegetarian, and I’m just excited about the package! :smiley::grinning::smiley:
pfaendtner: :slightly_smiling_face: yeah!
pfaendtner: do you guys know if you are starting and stopping a MetaD job that is very long with a LOT of hills many many times (e.g. through checkpointing) it becomes computationally very inefficient due to the memory requirements to regrid the bias potential @ start.  Esp. if you are &gt;2 CVs in a single bias potential , 1D are not so bad (PB)
prelj: Yes I have found this on accident and it can be quite egregious :cry:
coco: Yeah I usually run a metad job starting on a backfill and when it’s more than 200 ns I’ll swap it to a batch hob
coco: for my simulation it could take 20mins just to read hill files.
pfaendtner: one of my FB friends just posted this crystal pyramid , talking about how it protects you from electromagnetic fields
pfaendtner: with "#knowledgeispower"
jnnsmpth: It looks pretty. I like the arrow. Direction of the field
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I bet these protect from covid
prelj: You know it's real because it's made of genuine orgonite
chris.mundy: That just ruined my simulations…  Dooooh
maneki_neko: Slack is BACK
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: idk about you, but I always bring my rocket launcher to subway
pfaendtner: I'm blasting Lonely Island into Jill's office right now and she's tolerating it surprisingly well
lemmoi: Jim made a YouTube video on making a nice looking plot in excel where's he's not talking and only types to explain the steps. It really brought me back to the 2009 days of YouTube tutorials where they would just type in notepad lmao :joy:
pfaendtner: that plot is better than nice looking
lemmoi: Should've added the yellow visibility thing around the mouse and "unregistered hypercam 2" in the top for authenticity
lemmoi: You're right it's :fire:
lemmoi: Honestly I had no idea you could do that picture stuff in excel
pfaendtner: literally the biggliest plot I have ever made
pfaendtner: anotherjoshsmith :point_up::skin-tone-4::point_up::skin-tone-4::point_up::skin-tone-4::point_up::skin-tone-4:
lemmoi: this is from the last homework set, but I wrote code to perfectly step off stages with the a Murphee efficiency. so satisfying
lemmoi: i think the plots for this week's homework look even better but thats spoilers
maneki_neko: I remember doing this a couple quarters ago!
maneki_neko: About halfway through I was like "do I *really* need this graph to look perfectly for this one homework problem?"
maneki_neko: The answer is yes even though the TA will start at it for 0.000001 sec and be like *cool man*
pfaendtner:  just making sure you all know how to setup your shell environments so you only have to enter your duomobile token 1x/day , let me know if this is not widely known
pfaendtner: basic idea is that you can create a socket, which is a file that stores your credentials. It is analogous to the way you used to be able to share rsa keys between services and add them to your keychain and not have to type in your password every time you login - but now this works w/the 2FA on most HPC systems
pfaendtner: you need a bash script that will check if the socket exists, create it if it doesn't and then use SSH with the socket for all instances connecting hyak
pfaendtner: here is what mine looks like for mox
pfaendtner: I have a directory in my root on my laptop called .hyak with a script called "mox.sh"
pfaendtner: the contents of mox.sh are
pfaendtner: `#!/bin/bash`

`moxs=/tmp/$USER-mox-socket`

`if [[ ! -e "$moxs" ]]; then` 
    `ssh -S $moxs -Y -X -fMN `
`fi`

`if [[ ! -e "$moxs" ]]; then` 
    `echo "mox: unable to create ssh socket '$moxs' "`
    `exit 1`
`fi`

`#connect via SSH`
`ssh -S $moxs -Y -X <http://mox.hyak.uw.edu|mox.hyak.uw.edu>`
pfaendtner: the socket is then created as /tmp/jpfaendt-mox-socket
pfaendtner: my alias for my mox connection in my .login file is then:   `alias mox='~/.hyak/mox.sh'`
pfaendtner: using the socket with SCP is a little more tricky but not a big deal since you do file transfer in both directions
pfaendtner: so I set two variables in .login one called `mocp` , this invokes rsyc/SSH using the socket:

`alias mocp='rsync -ve "SSH -C -S /tmp/$USER-mox-socket'`
pfaendtner: and another called for mox , that for some reason I just call mcopy , idk why

`export mcopy=`
pfaendtner: then xfer to mox is like :

  `mocp &lt;&lt; file(s)&gt;&gt; $mcopy:/path/to/remote/destination/` 

and xfer from mox is like :

`mocp $mcopy:/path/to/remote/file_or_dir  /path/to/local/file_or_dir`
pfaendtner: so in summary:

new bash script
2 new aliases and one new variable in your .login

let me know if you get stuck , it took me awhile to get it right
pfaendtner: can do the same thing on ikt as well ...
cmashraf: Interesting, I have set this up in a different way, creating the `/.ssh/config` file
pfaendtner: cmashraf what does your .ssh config look like
cmashraf: In `~/.ssh/config` file
```Host mox 
  User &lt;UW NetID&gt;
  HostName <http://mox.hyak.uw.edu|mox.hyak.uw.edu>
  ControlPath ~/.ssh/master-%r@%h:%p
  ControlMaster auto
  ControlPersist yes
  ForwardX11 yes
  ForwardX11Trusted yes
  Compression yes
  Protocol 2```
In `~/.bash_profile`
```alias mox='ssh -Y mox' ```
sabiha3: Mine is also ssh config. It works fine with file transfer as well 
cmashraf: Yeah, I think sabiha3, ldgibson, and I set it up at the same time, thanks to cnyambr
sabiha3: It’s also the way recommend on UW HPC website. You can find detailed howtos in our welcome package. 
stephanie.hare: Huh... I am pretty sure I have my ssh config and bash_profile set up exactly the same, but I still have to enter my duo mobile token every time I have to ssh or transfer files
sabiha3: Odd shouldn’t be. Mind sharing your scripts with me? I can help fixing it
stephanie.hare: I'm sure I'm going to be roasted for how dumb whatever mistake I'm making is hahaha, but yes
stephanie.hare: Here's my ssh config
stephanie.hare: ```Host mox 
 User share
 HostName <http://mox.hyak.uw.edu|mox.hyak.uw.edu>
 ControlPath ~/.ssh/master-%r@%h:%p
 ControlMaster auto
 ControlPersist yes
 ForwardX11 yes
 ForwardX11Trusted yes
 Compression yes
 Protocol 2```

stephanie.hare: STRANGE, it's working now. I didn't change anything perceptible, just deleted and re-added that section to my ssh config, closed the terminal window, and now I only have to put in my authentication details once
sabiha3: Glad it worked out. That is super odd
pfaendtner: :thumbsup::skin-tone-4:
pfaendtner: your guys way is much better
sarahalamdari: This is so fun!!  I got ENFP (but like 51% extroverted... I still claim to being an introvert) 
ldgibson: Weird... I got Hufflepuff
dacb: Pro tip... There is only one right answer to this question.
sarahalamdari: Agree 
dacb: Also, sarahalamdari, I'm a defender.
sarahalamdari: I see that!!! 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Oh hell yes, I got a sword!!!!!!! :sunglasses: that hair tho....
pfaendtner: I've consistently hit ENTJ for like 20 years.  This is the first time I've flipped to T--&gt;F  , always strong E always SUPER strong J.

Look at me. Two years of therapy and meds turned me from a thinker to a feeler :thinking_face: :rightthinkingface:
sarahalamdari: Jim your protagonist looks like lord farquad from shrek 
maneki_neko: I got INTJ again... Not sure how I feel about being in the same group as Putin. Guess it's time to take over a country now. >_>
ldgibson: hmm, so I _actually_ got ENFP-T. Don't think I've ever gotten extrovert before
xqi: I’m INFJ-A. Somehow I always think that I’m extrovert :face_with_monocle: I have been living in delusion for long enough
ldgibson: I should also add that my two role models in life are ENFP: Michael Scott and Willy Wonka
dacb: Wait, Willy Wonka is a role model?  Didn't he enslave his workers and murder children?
ldgibson: allegedly
anotherjoshsmith: It was more manslaughter than murder...
coco: <missing_message>
coco: I think we are all trained to be self-entertaining now
nintan2: my brother was telling me something about tiktok. He preceded his story by asking "do you know what tiktok is?" :scream:
nintan2: i know i am old, but not THAT old :smile:
coco: <missing_message>
coco: When ticktok first show up in 2017 and was promoted heavily with ads it was more targeted on 20s and 30s 
sarahalamdari: This is so cool!  it was developed at a music hack day 
prelj: Yooooo this is SO cool! I never knew that I always wanted that
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
dacb: I don't know if folks here have any Cryo-EM experience, but the personal note that came to me also indicated that MD people were wanted as well.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
cnyambr: Are details on the PRG retreat on the google drive?
coco: <missing_message>
coco: It’s super dangerous today and tomorrow near dt and china town. Stay home.
coco: It will happen in more places tomorrow.
pfaendtner: am I open to link?
sarahalamdari: just logged off ikt forever :sob: lolz
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ya'll
pfaendtner: that map to hierarchy city is BS
dacb: and no mass transit?  what kind of urban planners do they have in hierarchy city?  I don't see a single green space or park.
ldgibson: I think what's more concerning are the double-wide molecules barreling down the freeway with no "wide load" truck following them.
pfaendtner: SCARY
pfaendtner: what is the worst movie you've ever seen
ldgibson: Zombie Wars
ldgibson: it goes beyond the "it's so bad, it's good" realm, and enters the "it's so bad, it's bad" realm
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: A specific bad movie scenario: Watching The Room with my dad who was angry the entire time because he could not get past the fact that this man has an unexplained accent
jnnsmpth: :laughing: Tommy Wiseau is an international treasure
jnnsmpth: I watch a lot of bad Indian movies (and good ones too) but I'm attached to the bad ones.
pfaendtner: coming soon to your PI's house: social distancing patio
dacb: Nice!  How long did it take you to clear out the space and do the compacting?  That's a huge job!
pfaendtner: I demo'd the previous brick patio and moved out about a yard or two of old pea gravel.  Then I hired Ron Lee and his crew to take over :laughing:
pfaendtner: I'm getting 6k lbs of flagstone delivered on monday
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari
sarahalamdari: hi guys
ldgibson: it has arrived
ldgibson: :blueblockers:
pfaendtner: J O Y
sarahalamdari: bruh :joy: :sob:
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
dacb: Nam sent you that, didn't he pfaendtner?
pfaendtner: he did :sunglasses:
dacb: Everything about this site is super:  
The resources page is very helpful if you are looking to learn more.
cmashraf: This is a super cool tool, will make the lit review job way easier

cmashraf: The related article in medium

lemmoi: now this is coding
lemmoi: yes, those declarations fill the entire horizontal slider bar
pfaendtner: lol
pfaendtner: omg the national media is losing their shit and my conservative family is going bonkers about the war in seattle. I hope this helps de-escalate
jnnsmpth: Vegan chicken nuggets :laughing:
ktorke: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: i wanna publish here
sarahalamdari: I HAVE SO MANY IDEAS.
sarahalamdari: SOMEONE NEEDS TO COMIT A CRIME FIRST.
sarahalamdari: keep it white collar
ldgibson: crazy idea: we place sticky notes _all over_ someone’s desk while they’re like 200 miles away
jnnsmpth: Guys, I'd love to know how you're compartmentalizing work now. I'm really exhausted switching from real life to science and back, and I'd appreciate any suggestions about what's working for you. I looked online but it's mostly generic stuff. I want to find a way to do some work but it's getting harder every day.
pfaendtner: ^^^ me too , I'm essentially unable to get any work done right now and
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: quality clickbait
nintan2: jnnsmpth the way I tackle this atm is by believing that anything that happens after 6 PM,  I can afford to know them tomorrow. So after 6 PM, I switched off from real life and do science. I know this is not ideal solution for morning person though.. So probably flip it if you are a morning person?  You dont need to know anything as they play out, you can get the conclusion of how things unfold at 6PM everyday?
jnnsmpth: Thanks Nadia. Will give that a shot!
sabiha3: jnnsmpth I loved it when we have virtual office. Let’s do that. I am in even if it is just 2 of us
jnnsmpth: That helped me too, we can start again on Monday Sabi!
pfaendtner: congrats maneki_neko!!!
pfaendtner: congrats a97drewz!
a97drewz: Thanks Jim!!
pfaendtner: YASSSSSSSSSSSSSS rhodese
rhodese: Thank you!!
pfaendtner: Very proud of all three of you! Thank you for your research contributions and best of luck!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  I’m assuming most of y’all have found your way to Sarah Cooper lip syncing DJT. If not, happy Monday. 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Are those arrows the virus?
chris.mundy: No… Career opportunities.  Up or Down with a cos theta.
dacb: Everyone knows the virus is red, has many protrusions and is six inches in diameter. They literally show a life sized picture of it next to the newsperson's every night. Jeez, Jim, get with the program.
pfaendtner: some ppl think the virus is an 8.5x11 sheet of paper
pfaendtner: Here is some hard-hitting journalism / opinion work from famous epidemiologist Dr. Coro N. Avirus
ldgibson: with enough vaccine trials, we'll have killed or cured everyone by having them go through the trials
chris.mundy: Blood type “O” is the key.  I have that type.  Going to bob-for-apples down by the river
dacb: chris.mundy  Good to know. Do you still have both of your kidneys and liver?  Are you allergic to any general anesthetics?  Finally, what river and what time will you be there, just in case someone wants to come by to say 'Hi!'?
dacb: Asking for ldgibson who does all of our ~involuntary surgeries/organ harvesting~ outreach.
pfaendtner: winning the profile picture contest
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
dacb: How come this is new to people?  Toilets are nasty.  Close them before you flush because they spray everywhere.  Keep your toothbrush away from the toilet.  The fecal bacteria collection you can grow from a tooth brush is amazingly nasty.
sarahalamdari: Single serving size?
sarahalamdari: Sorry this is for two*
pfaendtner: I haven't had the kettle corn one is it good?
sarahalamdari: i freaakinggg love kettle corn ( &amp; pizza approves)
sarahalamdari: I wish there was a cheddar and caramel one
pfaendtner: :face_vomiting:
nintan2: <missing_message>
nintan2: sarahalamdari you're welcome!
nintan2: I have tried it, and they are to die for!
sarahalamdari: omg!!
sarahalamdari: wow holy shipping :joy: I’ll buy this if I’m ever in NY!
pfaendtner: the patio saga is over. I cannot wait to have some of you over to hang out! We will schedule some social times this summer (in guidance with KC guidelines) if anyone wants to get out
prelj: That's so slick!! You did that in very little time too, all things considered
pfaendtner: :laughing: I totally hired a crew of guys to do it
pfaendtner: I have no skill for anything w/my hands
prelj: Well it still looks awesome, you're going to enjoy that a ton this summer :laughing:
ktorke: does anybody know who is in charge of enrolling ASEs in the free U-pass?
pfaendtner: do you have a link about it or anything? haven't heard about it
ktorke: Nah, I was trying to use my U-Pass recently and it didn't work...contacted transportation services to reactivate it and they told me I don't have a U-Pass membership
sarahalamdari: did you sign up for summer classes? haha
sarahalamdari: that happened to me before :joy:
ktorke: yeah i'm registered for everything
ldgibson: if you did it late, it sometimes takes a bit for it to get reactivated
ktorke: yeah, I tried to reactivate it online but can't because my membership "no longer exists"
ldgibson: hmm, I've never had to reactivate anything, it normally just came back after about a week
pfaendtner: It's ok, we will be working from home for 5 more years so no need to get on the bus
sabiha3: There was an email with regarding to that. You were suppose to tap before June 1st to keep it activated. And you can call some number to reactivate. Let me search my email and get back to you
sabiha3: ktorke
sabiha3: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: actual photo from being out today
pfaendtner: although my friend Kevin pointed out that coronavirus goes IN through the nose and OUT through the mouth, so the mask is probably fine
sarahalamdari: my new favorite response to people is “SOURCE?!?”
pfaendtner: lol - kevin was just kidding about these morons
joshalv: joshalv has joined the channel
pfaendtner: me on Facebook today
cmb67: cmb67 has joined the channel
pfaendtner:  looks good, Xin! 
pfaendtner: would you drink beef soda
stephanie.hare: Hard pass
sarahalamdari: Nadia and I are piloting a daily office hour from 12:30-1:30PM PST while the REUs are here if you wanna come hang and work :slightly_smiling_face:  (I think this link will work every day)
pfaendtner: are we not supposed to talk during this time
pfaendtner: (serious question)
sarahalamdari: lol I think we’re supposed to talk ? :joy: idk
sarahalamdari: i literally never stop talking so i feel like there will be talking
pfaendtner: potential new look for me for next academic year.  Comments in thread. Wrong answers only.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Ok first of all. All day and nobody is going to comment on my baby picture? What’s wrong with y’all. 
pfaendtner: Second of all. I am so proud I now know how to use the word extra :sunglasses::sunglasses::sunglasses:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Like. This Florida woman is being so extra. 
ktorke: Oh, that’s a baby picture? There’s just so much hair it was hard to recognize you :sweat_smile:
pfaendtner: Those are my four big siblings. 6, 8 and 9 years older 
nintan2: daaaaang Kaylyn
jnnsmpth: burrrrnnnn
pfaendtner: I feel like in 9 months that will be Janani at Gainsvillw city council 
jnnsmpth: Asst. Prof for 3 months, then byeeee. My foray into politics.
sarahalamdari: Florida has a whole different type of news that gets broadcasted to them like I want in on it 
jnnsmpth: Local news like never before.. im ready
nintan2: Janani for the win!
prelj: ok I did think that the youngest of the siblings looked most like Jim :laughing:
pfaendtner: Millies fur fell off 
prelj: It's hot out, she'd thank you for it if she could!
sarahalamdari: WHAT DID U DO TO HER
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: you guys this is amazing chris.mundy - art imitates life
ldgibson: omg
coco: <missing_message>
chris.mundy: Oddly, the “battery low” icon takes on a new meaning in this context.
pfaendtner: 

This guy has my dream job
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: this is heavy
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: "at least 38 students living in 9 fraternity houses"
jnnsmpth: w.t.f.
pfaendtner: Krista told me 150 U of Georgia students got the rona
nintan2: "the rona"
pfaendtner: :laughing:
sarahalamdari: WHAT
pfaendtner: ya'll, this is tip of the iceberg.. They are going to put students back on campus in AZ , TX, CA and FL
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: I’m not sure how the ceo of ice cream became responsible for a whole state AZ needs to regain control of this situation 
pfaendtner: I'll tell you how
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: This brownie sundae in a waffle bowl is EVERYTHING
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: chris.mundy - were you the one in the back yelling, "you're taking away our freedoms!"
chris.mundy: Yes… I also said, “DEFUND EFRCs!”  Then a guy pulled a gun on me!
sarahalamdari: @ janani
nintan2: Yes jnnsmpth?
nintan2: You summoned people
jnnsmpth: HAHAHAHA
jnnsmpth: 1 sec :joy:
jnnsmpth: Man you guys are FAST
dacb: Has anyone tried `sshfs` in and out of Hyak?  Much easier than scp.
jnnsmpth: Okay, let's try this again...
Happy hour + game night this Thursday? Starts at 5:30, goes on indefinitely... :thumbsup: or :thumbsdown:
jnnsmpth: <missing_message>
nintan2: i thought you were writing a novel already... :smile:
pfaendtner:  we could also watch wrinkles the clown together at HH?? sarahalamdari?
sarahalamdari: absolutely not
sarahalamdari: no
pfaendtner: wil you even watch the trailer?
sarahalamdari: nope
nintan2: we can watch something else together sarahalamdari
sarahalamdari: why can’t I report slack comments
pfaendtner: report them to your PI?
sabiha3:  Anyone have searched around amazon for ergonomic chair? Looking for some good referrals if so.
pfaendtner: OMG someone just told me that Nature Scientific Reports has 10,000 editors :mindbender:
prelj: I am now the Training Coordinator for RCC :sunglasses: So that's fun
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  U guys this is WILD
pfaendtner: I just pasted Coco's abstract (on an unpublished paper) and it said that it is authored by me and Gary Drobny and that it can go to Langmuir
coco: Crazy
pfaendtner: This , more than any other application of AI has me a little freaked out
chris.mundy: ldgibson type Interfacial Reduction Rates from Marcus Theory: A Microscopic Rate Theory for Electrolyte Reduction at a Graphitic Anode Interface
chris.mundy: Search on articles.  Holy moly.
pfaendtner: :point_up::skin-tone-4: lots of good refs for the intro
dacb: It didn't really work for the two *omics paper abstracts I'm working on. Does it have a topical bias?
dacb: It has first and last bias
jnnsmpth: 
HH ^^
jnnsmpth:  HH HH HH! <https://washington.zoom.us/j/7497012826>
pfaendtner: wxq910 vs wxq910!!!
wxq910: :star-struck::star-struck::star-struck:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: For the first time in 8 years I don’t think there are any active projects on peptides adsorbing/folding at interfaces.  

Help. Existential crisis.  
dacb: 
Muppet Theory, a little-known, poorly understood philosophy that holds that every living human can be classified according to one simple metric: Every one of us is either a Chaos Muppet or an Order Muppet.
dacb: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  FYI all of _x_99 , 500/600/700 research credits have had their "remote" designation removed.  So those classes will count as 'in person' coursework. A small step but we are making steps in the right direction. I hope UW has more news soon.
sarahalamdari: huge list of programs that have dropped the GRE :hugging_face: 
dacb: With any luck this will being an end to ETS and that fascist system.
chris.mundy: sarahalamdari Good to know about GREs… I have mixed feelings about that.  I did so-so on mine if I remember.  My SATs were horrible.  I think I filled it out backwards
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
chris.mundy: A Harvard A.B.---Priceless (mastercard commercial)
pfaendtner: Queen M
chris.mundy: I reacted with rooster because a racoon got into our hen house.  It was bad.  It is a tribute to all beautiful animals.  SHe looks great
dacb: I just had to evict a trash panda from under my house.  They are incredibly intelligent and good at getting in to spaces.
chris.mundy: Yes.  I didn’t know racoons could climb trees.  I know, a Montana kid should know this.   I only wrestled grizzly bears and stared down mountain lions…  The coop is closed on the top.  But there is a tree in the coop (accessible from the roof of the chicken roost).  We have some netting but we were primarly concerned with raptors, who have the good sense not to go into places that they can’t see how to get out.   But this racoon found its way in.  Tragically, it killed Sopie’s (my Duaghter) favorite two…  I think Racoons are protected.  We will trap it and let it loose…  I know.  I need this like a hole-in-my-head.
chris.mundy: I know.  Its an incredibly detailed message.  Uncanny.  Relevant?  We’ll see.  :wink:
cmashraf: <missing_message>
coco: <missing_message>
chris.mundy: He created a problem and then solved it.  Wow!  Just glad things are not crazy^2343234
sabiha3: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: :heart_eyes_cat: gimme gimme gimme
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: jill and I watched his horror movie this wknd it is DARK
xqi: I wonder who we should tag under this :laughing:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: Worth reading, opinion piece by the president of MIT on foreign students -

sarahalamdari: its the internet making anyone else crazy???? like if i see one more covid conspiracy theory i might losee it
pfaendtner: ya'll meet "Hayes". This is the son of Kayla Sprenger (PRG PhD 2017) and Ole Sprenger. They are getting ready to move to Boulder in just a few weeks! Hayes is ready :slightly_smiling_face:
yc352: yc352 has joined the channel
dacb: 

In all honesty, they asked me to be on the cover for my work with PEP8 style, but I thought that Fauci needed some positive press right now and recommended him instead. I did lend Fauci some of Jim's socks for this shot.
lemmoi: <missing_message>
lemmoi: Pictures of the comet I got tonight. One is just with my phone camera on long exposure and the other is through my telescope. It's barely visible with the naked eye, but pretty good with binoculars
lemmoi: I tried to pull it out a bit more in gimp. it's just my phone held up the lens though so there's not much I can do haha
pfaendtner: Nice! We are going to Leavenworth on Sunday-tue and I hope to see it. Good idea to bring binocular
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: look here is a picture of space dacb
dacb: I slept outside over the weekend and this really is a picture of space.
nintan2: <missing_message>
nintan2: I got so angry after watching this, please join me :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
dacb: Been under some stress? Like science fiction and Dr Who in particular? Here is your solution for a path to complete relaxation and out of body conciousness experience.

jnnsmpth: How many PRGs would be down for meeting up in Gasworks on Thurs/Sat/Sun, following appropriate rules of mask wearing and social distancing (we'll all sit in a big circle) :o:️
sarahalamdari: i miss u guys :broken_heart:
jnnsmpth: Yay! Also, we don't have to meet at gasworks - I'm open to meeting anywhere 'open' (heh heh)
jnnsmpth: The weather looks good on Thurs and Sat.
:elephant: if you prefer 6 pm on Thursday
:butterfly: if you prefer 6 pm on Saturday
jnnsmpth: Okay, looks like most of us are free on Thurs, except ldgibson nisargj pfaendtner - come please! Plan is to meet at Gasworks at 6 pm (I'll go there a little early to scout for a decent spot), get a blanket to sit on, and bring non-alcoholic beverages (I think it's illegal to drink in parks :shrug:)! We can also play Frisbee/toss a ball around - open to suggestions!
jnnsmpth: Will miss everyone who can't make it : (
pfaendtner: It is totally fine to drink at gasworks park!! bring a plastic cup or just drink out of the bottle. I think I can come!
pfaendtner: I mean, it is technically illegal, but it is one of the best things about seattle. nobody cares
pfaendtner: orion.dollar what if I bring a cannigar and one of these bad boys?
sabiha3: jnnsmpth We are meeting today right?
jnnsmpth: Yes!
jnnsmpth: My # 6142090932 
jnnsmpth: We’re on the little hill across kite hill right near the entrance 
chris.mundy: Awesome!  Looks like a gorgeous day.  Be safe.  Have fun.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
cnyambr: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ktorke aren't you in kentucky?
pfaendtner: miss you guys!!
sarahalamdari: THIS IS SO SAFE AND CUTE 
chris.mundy: Awesome.   I wish I was  there.
pfaendtner: xqi your chair is on point
xqi: That’s Sabi :joy::joy::joy::joy: sabiha3 
sabiha3: Booooooo
chris.mundy: I see Lukes PNNL token.  I logged in, security risk.  I guessed password: MuNdYisaFreak.
chris.mundy: It was a random guess…
jnnsmpth: Sorry my phones not great 
pfaendtner: Ok I was looking at it on a tiny screen :pray::pray::pray::pray: xqi sabiha3 your heads are like 2mm 
chris.mundy: Looks like a great day.  Its 90+F on the dry side…
chris.mundy: If you supply the correct polarization glasses, I think we can make the photo at 649PM 3D!
jnnsmpth: It was a beautiful day!
xqi: Has any1 tried converting .xtc or .gro into .xyz files? I saw this online:  is this a good package to do this job?
chris.mundy: Jesse P does it for me.  I know.  I am terrible.  Old school.  I used to think .xtc files were typos for .xyz.  I was wrong.
chris.mundy: You are allowed to curse at me while talking to Jesse!  :wink:
pfaendtner: you can use openbabel as well
prelj: I prefer to use VMD to save a loaded xtc as xyz format. Sometimes it messes up atom names, so it is not necessarily the best tool for the job, but it is very fast and easy to do
pfaendtner: you can just use catdcd - it is a standalone linux version of vmd's traj tools
xqi: oh wow! so many ways
chris.mundy: Just don’t use VMD to put molecules back in the box intact.  It is based on ‘If it looks cool,  put it there’ algorithm.  Luke and I nearly died.
chris.mundy: s=s-dnint(s) is poetry
cnyambr: <missing_message>
cnyambr: Objects “not of this earth” were discovered as recent as March 2020
ldgibson: if ancient aliens didn’t exist, then how did they build everything
dacb: :face_palm:
pfaendtner: WISDOM LUKE.  WISDOM
dacb: :banana: :banana:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
cnyambr: Surface tension pulls the thread into a perfect circle 

I think this is a great demonstration for surface tension and how it acts in on the surface. 
pfaendtner: beautiful TOC graphic
chris.mundy: That is awesome.  I see headless geese with asymmetric wings.
stephanie.hare: I am loving UW's mask offering
pfaendtner: Izzat an Ig filter 
jnnsmpth: The Pr2ism session today was one of the best anti-racist spaces that I have been in. It was incredible, highly recommend this  to all PRGs!
dacb: Fun fact... The earliest paper I can find that poses a QSAR/QSPR like model is from 1868: 

This is the 1884 one I mention in the DIRECT classes, but I can't to find all of the page:
<https://www-tandfonline-com.offcampus.lib.washington.edu/doi/abs/10.1080/14786448408627502>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Omg I was walking dogs this AM and I looked down and Millies nose was in the grass near a bunch of ants. She spit out a bone she had picked up and then there was a ton of gross ants stuck in her beard :nauseated_face:
pfaendtner: then I felt bad for her and so I put the bone in my mouth and got ants in my beard :sob::sob::sob:
prelj: I hate getting ants in my beard :sob:
pfaendtner: in person learning at Oklahoma State
chris.mundy: The days of mahogany lecterns with hand-crafted molding and slate chalk boards are dead…  That is inspiring.  Makes me want to learn physics real bad.  Good grief.  But I get it.  Wow.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: the bar plot he is holding is stellar - for sure he has completed DIRECT and the ADSO
sarahalamdari: This is aggravating to watch
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: good context - Swan killed it , IMO
stephanie.hare: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  ldgibson
wesleybeckner: i go to this channel instead of reddit now
wesleybeckner: the swan interview was amaze
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
dacb: Heard you like Star Wars here.  One of my grad students knitted me porgs to keep me company in my studio during the pandemic for my 35th birthday, recently.
pfaendtner: "35th birthday"
pfaendtner: :neutral_face:
dacb: Physicists can't explain the space time phenomena that causes me to keep having my 35th birthday over and over, but I'm fine with it.
jnnsmpth: Hey guys, I just made a website for my group! Please give me comments/feedback. This will improve as my students start generating data, but as of now, I've refrained from using images from my PhD/postdoc.

pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ^^^ this video is SUPER CONCERNING
pfaendtner: :neutral_face:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: i finally found a cookie recipe that is sarah-proof
pfaendtner: esp. if you just eat the dough
sarahalamdari: i really did crush the cooking time on this. they taste fantastic.
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: chris.mundy I found like half your office in here
chris.mundy: OMG!  How did he see my office.
chris.mundy: Progresso Split-pea soup is my non-perishible…
wesleybeckner: <missing_message>
rhodese: pfaendtner
rhodese: Changing groups?
pfaendtner: Lol!!! He would never accept me 
nintan2: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: what's the over-and-under on this being 'no'
r5ian047: r5ian047 has joined the channel
jnnsmpth: prg needs this gif -

cnyambr:  :joy::rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I want a PPT setup for a PRG collab house by the end of the day
pfaendtner: lets find two AIRBNBs next to each other and all move in
dacb: Meet the Author: Martin Karplus, Nobel Laureate in Chemistry

Date: September 26th, 2020 (Saturday)
Time: 11am (New York) • 4pm (London)
6pm (Tel Aviv) • 8.30pm (Delhi)

Moderator: John Straub (Boston University)
Click here to reserve your seat
*This virtual event is free to attend.
Sign up to join this event as places are limited.
Nobel Laureate Martin Karplus was eight when his family fled Nazi-occupied Austria via Switzerland and France for the United States. He would later credit his life as a refugee as a decisive influence on his world view and approach to science.

Martin Karplus, who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2013, is more than a scientist—he is also a chef who has cooked in many Michelin 3-star restaurants, including Joel Robuchon in Paris and El Bulli in Spain, as well as a photographer with multiple solo exhibitions.

In his autobiography, Spinach on the Ceiling: The Multifaceted Life of a Theoretical Chemist, Karplus describes how his optimistic outlook and belief in himself helped him overcome setbacks in his research and to continue on a path that other scientists considered futile, to eventually develop a methodology that is now at the heart of chemistry and structural biology. At 90 years old, Karplus is still active in research at Harvard University where he is emeritus professor. He is currently working on developing a permanent vaccine for influenza, funded by the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation.

"Being a refugee and not quite belonging played a pivotal role in my view of the world and approach to science," said Karplus.

Join us in this virtual event with Martin Karplus about the multifaceted life of a Nobel Laureate, moderated by Professor John Straub. Click the button below to register.
Click here to reserve your seat
*This webinar is free to attend
Sign up to join this webinar as places are limited.
dacb: &gt;  Spinach on the Ceiling: The Multifaceted Life of a Theoretical Chemist
dacb: He totally ripped off my book title:
&gt; Tofu on the floor: the singular existential angst of an applied computer scientist
pfaendtner: sabiha3 and ldgibson return from 6 months at PNNL to Seattle and then this... :thinking_face: coincidence?
ldgibson: You have no proof
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: THIS IS HOW WE GET BACK TO B17
ldgibson: wait can I use the $200 office supplies thing you offered to get this
ldgibson: cuz I want 1
ldgibson: or 10
pfaendtner: Only if it is a chair or headphones 
sarahalamdari: Long shot but anyone have some moving boxes I can borrow? I bring back to u 
pfaendtner: when preparing your talks for online format - remember that a lot of the venues now simulcast your screen and your slides side-by-side.  Font sizes that were appropriate for an 8' x 12' screen in a meeting room are not going to work for virtual format
pfaendtner: fishing
ldgibson: I like the little bit you added at the end to “pay it forward”
xqi: You know, dragons are real :thinking_face: I bet a 1st class ticket’s on its way once you reply
pfaendtner: the video quality is so bad :sob: u can't read any of the slides
prelj: and it's not as if that data is easy to interpret at a quick glance :joy:
coco: <missing_message>
coco: Produced by double David Benioff &amp; D.B. Weiss
dacb: One of my favorite things in life is deleting home directories of people who are no longer at UW.
`(base) dacb@waffle:/home$ sudo \rm -rf mhackett/`
nintan2: Ask Reddit knows exactly what you should say the next time your friends ask to hang out.

1. I have sworn an oath of solitude until the pestilence is purged from the lands.

2. Whilst you're one of my very favorite disease vectors, I'm going to have to say no.

3. Can't go outside, air is haunted.

4. I can't be ranting about staying home and wearing your masks and then go to parties.

5. During a pandemic?!?

6. Begone, plague bearer!

7. Piss off, I don't wanna catch corona.

8. Keep your lung cooties to yourself.

9. I'll see you guys when that vaccine hits. Don't have too much fun without me.

10. Nah sis, corona. Love you though. :purple_heart:

11. I'm too poor to be sick.

12. I am xx years old, I've no money and no prospects. I am already a burden to my parents. And I'm frightened.

13. Dude, no. There's a pandemic?

14. Better 6 feet apart than 6 feet under.

15. I value the lives of my family, friends, self, and those forced to be in situations around me, sorry.

16. I ain't dying this way.

17. I don't want to get that rona from ya.

18. You guys are dirty careless heathens and I don't wanna die from one of you douches saying the word fantastic and spitting all over each other.

19. I'm not stepping foot in your haunted plague box.
cmashraf: <missing_message>
ldgibson: "Alexa, finish my PhD for me"
pfaendtner: GOALS
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
dacb: ```Hi everyone! 

I am a part of a group of researchers at Northwestern University and the University of Wisconsin-Madison running a study on how analysts make estimates from visualized data. If you've done data analysis before, we'd really appreciate it if you could take the survey! It should take about 10 mins or your time. You may also provide your email address in order to be entered into a raffle. One out of every five participants will be randomly chosen to win a $25 Visa gift card.



Please feel free to email to this address if you have any questions about this research: abhraneel@u.northwestern.edu

Thanks,
Yea-Seul```

wesleybeckner: in case anyone needed this picture of ldgibson
pfaendtner: awe that was the best day ever for that baby seal
ldgibson: Rest in pieces, baby seal :pray:
pfaendtner: Isn’t that what RIP means 
jnnsmpth:  It's time for PRG HH! What day works for you (starts at 6pm)? Emoji this message with:
:blueblockers: Wed
:creepysarah: Thurs
:sarahtato: Fri
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
xqi: I’m scared :joy: can someone tell me what’s there in the bottom of the sea? Sponge Bob?
nintan2: xqi look at the first hundred meter, they are all so pretty :heart_eyes:. dont keep scrolling though, they got quite eerie quite fast:face_vomiting:
sarahalamdari: the deep sea ones are so cool!! the bottom of the sea is fun
xqi: fun as in spongebob and squarepants fun?
jnnsmpth: We may have to do 2 HHs - one on Wed, one on Thurs. I'm ready!
jnnsmpth: That, or someone else pick a day
cmashraf: Stephanie (Valleau) &amp; others are organizing a Hackathon (C-HACK) for undergraduates in the Chem E department in the winter quarter. Please vote for your favorite C-HACK logo 
jnnsmpth: Is the sky yellow/orange in Seattle? Is this the end??
jnnsmpth: 
There's a lot of people in Florida :open_mouth:
jnnsmpth: HH again tomorrow at 6pm!
jnnsmpth: It was so nice seeing everyone you guys are the best
nintan2: 

sarahalamdari you know, for future reference :D
pfaendtner: a few slides from a mentoring presentation from another chair
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: sound familiar?!
pfaendtner: this is another way to think about it - who are hte ppl who fill these roles (as trainees you do'nt need all or even many of them, but it is valuable to have more than me :slightly_smiling_face: )
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: HH at 6pm again! Jim brought up an excellent point about mental health in computational research groups earlier today. Let's do a round robin and give everyone a chance to talk about 1 thing that's making them feel not so great and 1 thing that's making them happy. You can definitely pass if you want to, no pressure!
jnnsmpth: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth:  join us!
pfaendtner: xqi stephanie.hare
jnnsmpth: 
Resolution for 2021, anyone?
sophia.garson: sophia.garson has joined the channel
pfaendtner: Today on my Facebook feed :laughing:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: this looks adorable
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  does anyone want to help me figure out if we can use rec room for virtual poster sessions? I think it is fine to use w/o VR
pfaendtner: OK so recroom is super fun and I think you guys should get it - we can play simple games even w/o VR. Let me know if anyone wants to play around with it you install it!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  important video 
ktruji96: ktruji96 has joined the channel
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
wesleybeckner: what kind of molecules are these 
pfaendtner: cubezenium ?
wesleybeckner: I think that’s right 
pfaendtner: who is more derp
stephanie.hare: Awwwww they're birds of a feather! And wow has Millie grown? Or has Boltzmann shrunk?
sarahalamdari: oh my god :heart:
pfaendtner: AirBNB listing vs actual experience
xqi: This is a real super star :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing::rolling_on_the_floor_laughing::rolling_on_the_floor_laughing::rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
pfaendtner: WTH is happening with the cycle
pfaendtner: anyone else remember when you could smoke at McDonald's
xqi: I wouldn’t have guessed what this is for if you didn’t pointed out “smoke.”
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: are there no other group pets anyone wants to add??
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: `human`
pfaendtner: humom
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: omg i thought that was a typo :joy:
orion.dollar: ???
pfaendtner: orion.dollar what an amazing dog :heart_eyes_cat:  , put in correct resolution (350x350) and send to stephanie.hare w/text
pfaendtner: love the casual folded paws
tludwig8: These are great, I will totally be adding to this in a bit!:heart_eyes:
stephanie.hare: Yes tludwig8, I need a pic and some info about your kitty! :smile:
stephanie.hare: Also orion.dollar, I need to know your pup's name, favourite food, and a fun fact about them
chris.mundy: Orion’s dog is an expert at the Hadamard product, and does not confuse this with the external product like other dogs of his breed.  Exceptional.
chris.mundy: All of the dogs look great and I like the desciptions.  It made my day.  Thank you
chris.mundy: Millie looks great and grown.  I didn’t know Xin had a dog!  Excellent.
chris.mundy: We have Chickens and Ducks.  And a beta fish.  And 10 000-50 000 bees.
nintan2: is this acceptable?
sarahalamdari: powerpoint keep crashing on my computer lately :disappointed: no idea why.. none of my files are crazy big or anything… anyone else having this issue?
wesleybeckner: I think this is my new favorite thing

dacb: wesleybeckner You know the cake is a lie, right?
wesleybeckner: dacb
dacb: What, no test chamber number?
stephanie.hare: Is anyone else doing the UW coronavirus study? Curious how popular it is
coco: <missing_message>
coco: guess who are these cool animates?
coco: <missing_message>
xqi: Well done Snapchat :joy:
pfaendtner: omg what is this
xqi: It’s Snapchat, the Amine effect :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
xqi: Somehow it picked Gakki as human :sweat_smile:
pfaendtner: wow
wtatum28: wtatum28 has joined the channel
xqi: Does any1 know where we can get flu shots?
pfaendtner: Hall health should have them?
pfaendtner: that is the UW clinic
pfaendtner: also I can make one and inject u w/it ?
nintan2: Can we do this in SGMs too?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner:  is this real 
nintan2: Yep!
ktorke: Super accurate
pfaendtner: But do you also apply it to me? Like if I say “ok” do you hate me 
orion.dollar: ok = kk imo
xqi: what about a ! after ok? ok!
pfaendtner: What about “okbythewayihateyou” 
xqi: looks like a German word
xqi: _Donaudampfschiffahrtsgesellschaftskapitän_
pfaendtner: I was curious to see what d(POLL)/dt had to be in order to get Trump and Biden tied by election day
pfaendtner: orion.dollar do you like my machine learning
orion.dollar: seems legit
cmashraf: What happened in April??
chris.mundy: I think this was the height of “to shut down” or “to not shut down”  and we hadn’t see the “surge” in cases (e.g. NY, Fl, etc)…
pfaendtner: Trump got a polling bump because of the pandemic 
nintan2: <missing_message>
nintan2: Ya dont say
sarahalamdari: omg
stephanie.hare: Wow
pfaendtner: ^^ I’m not a poli sci PhD but Trump is unlikely to get a polling bump after contracting the pandemic 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: new shirt I got for trump
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: ldgibson stephanie.hare seee?’ 
orion.dollar: lmaoooo
pfaendtner: OMG sarahalamdari , Sergei knew the manufacturer of the sword cane just on sight :joy::joy::joy:
sarahalamdari: First, Millie looks terrified 
sarahalamdari: Second, only Sergei 
stephanie.hare: Hey ! Just a reminder that we are doing a socially distanced gathering this afternoon, around 4pm (let me know if anyone who wants to join would prefer this time be adjusted). The fog is supposed to lift by then. :blush: We will be meeting at Green Lake--check back here for a pin of the precise location!
pfaendtner: I'm in!!!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: there will be no beheading of geese at our happy hour OK
pfaendtner: also trigger warning for that video
stephanie.hare: Hi again all! As we seem to have a quite small group, we've decided to go to Bad Jimmy's brewing in Ballard instead. Let us know here if you are going to join!
nintan2: Is this indoor? Might have just swung it for me. The previous location was too "outsidy":rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
stephanie.hare: We may be seated outside, but it will certainly be more indoor than the previous plan
nintan2: lol thanks for clarifying!
wtatum28: Sweet! Is it dog friendly? :sweat_smile:
stephanie.hare: Yep! And we might even have a dog coming :grin:
nintan2: stephanie.hare
stephanie.hare: Cool, yeah I wasn’t 100% sure
ktorke: How long are you guys gonna be there? I kinda already started making my way to Greenlake :sweat_smile:
sabiha3: Shoot I was heading to greenlake 
stephanie.hare: Oh no! I’m sorry you guys, I didn’t realize y’all were interested in coming. Would you be able to come over to Ballard?
sabiha3: yep I'll redirect to there
ldgibson: I'm leaving right now from u village. If people want a ride, let me know right meow
ldgibson: We're here
sabiha3: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: _Dear budk,_ 

_I am writing in regards to my new sword cane. I received the sword cane by mail on Friday 10/4. I like it very much. Yesterday while I was walking I heard a loud noise from inside the cane. When I opened it I was dismayed to find that the blade had detached from the threaded insert into the sword cane head._ 

_I think my sword cane is faulty. There is no way to secure the blade back inside the threaded head. If I push it in, it just falls out._ 

_What is the process to get a new sword cane? Unfortunately this was kind of embarrassing for me since I was going to proudly show off my sword cane and it just looked like I had a cane with a screw-top duck head._ 

_Thank you for your help,_
_Jim_
jnnsmpth: Wow, Paul Dauenhauer won the MacArthur Grant this year - 
pfaendtner: wow!!!
pfaendtner: that is amazing
jnnsmpth: Does anyone have any insight into this - 
Basically, it seems like Apple stopped supporting a common graphics API used by many visualization softwares. Wondering what the short term impact is.
orion.dollar: apple is low key blowing it
orion.dollar: i had to partition my hard drive and install windows 10 just so i could play super smash bros melee online smh
pfaendtner: lol orion
pfaendtner: ^^ y not use virtual box by oracle
pfaendtner: jnnsmpth there is a patch available, I have been using it for awhile and VMD is fine
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari do you remember where the DL is?
sarahalamdari: what is DL
pfaendtner: *D*own*L*oad
sarahalamdari: clearly
sarahalamdari: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: ^ it is really nice
pfaendtner: WHOA YOU WENT IN THE WAY BACK MACHINE
sarahalamdari: idk about a permanent fix though
sarahalamdari: you can search slack lol
pfaendtner: maybe
pfaendtner: for a hacker like you
orion.dollar: the 1.94 is really nice the menus look way better
orion.dollar: i think cause it’s 64 bit
dacb: People still use VMD?  Primitive brutes.

Seriously though, the Apple video limitations are only going to get worse if/when they move to AMD for laptops.
dacb: Unless they support discrete video again.
pfaendtner: dave what do you recommend we use?! I only want to strongly use the most tremendous softwares
dacb: Unless you write your own in C and OpenGL it will be crap.
dacb: Do people still use Chimera?  We've talked about PyMol here before.
pfaendtner: :man-shrugging::skin-tone-4:
pfaendtner: I no longer have time to *V*isualize *M*olecular *D*ynamics
dacb: I just cat the xyz coordinates and see it in my head.
dacb: Amateurs use 3D software as a crutch.
dacb: So that's really interesting about VMD jnnsmpth.  I didn't know that.  Thanks.
pfaendtner: I just learned that the brain can hold 2.5 PB of data
pfaendtner: so not a big deal to cat the traj and then do like autocorrelation, etc...
dacb: You wouldn't ask a hard drive to do an autocorrelation.  Compute != storage.  I mean I know everything, I just can't think about it all at once.
dacb: All jokes aside.  I'm 100% distressed about the opengl support from apple.
dacb: Oh right... Metal is the replacement.
dacb: OK so maybe their AMD chips will have a hybrid architecture that supports native Metal.
pfaendtner: not knowing what opengl is I am not distressed about it
pfaendtner: should I know what it is?
dacb: meh. Apparently, according to Apple, no you should not.

Edit: to correct capitalization of Apple to appease our overlords.  And a comma.  Commas are actually very important.
sabiha3: On the same topic: Have you tried using tcl script with that patch? I have been having this issue whenever I try `vmd -dispdev text -e data_merge.tcl`
jnnsmpth: 
An iconic win :clap:
ctwilk13: ctwilk13 has joined the channel
pfaendtner: Is Chemjobbers identity known  
jnnsmpth: Rubber duck?
dacb: Some of the people alleged to be involved in the plan to kidnap the MI guvna. All I can think about now is the database errors two of these people must be causing over the years mistaken for missing data.
pfaendtner: “/gov/null”
dacb: :joy:
pfaendtner: _I am PhD student at Imperial College London, in Tom Welton’s Research Group. We are setting up an extensive critical review on Machine Learning methods for predicting properties of IL. We believe that your paper on predicting IL viscosity (10.1039/c7me00094d) is extraordinary._
pfaendtner: FLATTERY WILL GET YOU EVERYWHERE WITH ME!! wesleybeckner coco :laughing::laughing::laughing::laughing:
pfaendtner: stephanie.hare, this was honestly not needed and a bit extra if you ask me... I can get you a key to the building on Monday morning
stephanie.hare: LET ME IN I want to use Aspen
stephanie.hare: In all seriousness, that’s horrifying wtf 
pfaendtner: some jabroni was like "got my 2x6 , now its time to B&amp;E in the lobby of an old ass building"
sarahalamdari: Talking to Tucker today reminded me of this super helpful tip I got last week while giving a talk, which is to be conscious of leaving room on your virtual talks for your little speaker window pane to sit! (so that its not overlapping content on your screen). I am def integrating this into my zoom talks from now on!
dacb: I am 100% serious about this... I have used virtual backgrounds as my slides and it is super important to  do this.
pfaendtner: I just got my Oculus Quest 2 and now I'm trying to figure out if I can buy them for all of you
dacb: Can I join your group?  What is good with the Quest?  VMD? Subnautica?  No Man's Sky?
dacb: Lots of really great job opportunities here for all levels of ChemEs, Chems, MSEs:

dacb: The first UW Advanced Data Science Option grad is on the data science team there.
prelj: does anybody else see this wild resemblance or is it just me
pfaendtner: :open_mouth:
stephanie.hare: Uncanny
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
dacb: I'm still a big fan of: 
sophia.garson: My STEM teacher advised me against trying to make rainbow-colored pyrotechnics at home and says I can't turn it in as my project :sob:
dacb: <missing_message>
stephanie.hare: Would anyone be interested in (perhaps a series of) classic horror movie nights next week? I am a big horror movie fan, but I realised I haven't seen several classics (e.g., Poltergeist) and I really want to!
sophia.garson: not yet, but I wont give up
dacb: I finally have managed to publish with sarahalamdari: 
pfaendtner: I love differential capacity data
sarahalamdari: anyone wanna zoom coffee at 2 before seminar? me no focus rn
sarahalamdari:  moo lol
nintan2: OMG this FUN!
dacb: Does UW have a gaussian license on Hyak?
dacb: I find myself in need of doing a few thousand DFT runs.
stephanie.hare: Yes, but you have to email someone to get access
stephanie.hare: Let me dig up the procedure in my email...
dacb: THANK YOU!
stephanie.hare: You have to email Xiaosong Li () and ask to be added to the Gaussian group. Here's evidence that I'm not lying: <https://wiki.cac.washington.edu/display/hyakusers/Mox_Gaussian>
stephanie.hare: And no problem :slightly_smiling_face:
dacb: Oh interesting... I wonder how Xiasong will feel with my team running 3000+ gaussian jobs in his allocation.
stephanie.hare: Oh no it'll still be on the Pfaendtner allocation (or whichever allocation you use for charging). Gaussian is just weird about permissions so they keep careful track of everyone who has access to the software
stephanie.hare: And I believe Xiaosong Li is a developer for Gaussian or somehow affiliated, so he's the gatekeeper for UW
sarahalamdari: outside be like 
wesleybeckner: in class today we broke out and found ML algorithms in our regular lives and summarized them in a google doc - super kewl if you wanna skip your regular news program :sunglasses: 
nintan2: From now on i'd be adopting this approach to lyfe
stephanie.hare: Love C&amp;H. It feels like taking a sip of a hot comforting beverage
pfaendtner: Did Holt speak @ your graduation stephanie.hare? he always does a C&amp;H talk @ graduation - it is very reliable
stephanie.hare: Oooooh maybe. I can't remember, but that sounds vaguely familiar #helpfulasalways
pfaendtner: :laughing:
pfaendtner: it was me or holt
pfaendtner: both bald
nintan2: :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
jnnsmpth: UNO
pfaendtner: lol
lemmoi: stephanie.hare what was the name of my doppelganger again? Need to get some second opinions
aalayli: aalayli has joined the channel
dacb: On the subject of weekend anthems, which no one mentioned... I need one stat.

Most recently, inspired by pfaendtner I spent last weekend listening to late 90s and early 2k celtic punk. Twas good times. My kids were 'overjoyed' and my special lady has renewed discussions of the importance of 'turning that stuff down' when other people are present.

I was contemplating a Britney Spears covers only weekend starting with Weezer's Hit Me Baby One More Time but I'm worried about the depth of that catalog.

Help!
pfaendtner: ^ this is a hard problem to solve. Years ago I alerted to Josh to Abhi the Nomad. I know the weekend is almost over, so it might not be worth the risk.

For high probability of success for Sunday, if you go to Spotify and build a radio station based on Chiddy Bang's 2012 album "Breakfast" you will move forward a decade  and I think you will be into it - BIGLY.
dacb: This worked for Sunday, thanks again.  Just in time for me to get my plate, my fork, my spoon and have breakfast.
dacb: Back to DFT again.  In my life I have done SPE calculations using Gaussian and GAMESS although the last one more than half a decade ago.  I dislike the fact that Gaussian costs money to academics.  Fascists shouldn't be rewarded, IMHO.  GAMESS always felt clunky but worked for what I needed it for.  Are there other tools I should consider?  Is there a reason to view Gaussian as superior?
nintan2: dacb in my knowledge NWChem can do all the things that Gaussian can do + more. And the best news is it is FREE
ldgibson: dacb, I second nintan2’s suggestion of NWChem. I’ve only used it for a very small part of a project (DIRECT related actually), but it seemed to perform just fine when I was doing a bunch of optimizations and the input file seemed reasonably straightforward too. I believe ORCA is another one that is free for academic users, which felt similar to NWChem.
pfaendtner: dacb we don't pay for Gaussian here though and it is already installed on Hyak :()
pfaendtner: so tbh it is more like a fascist cosplay
chris.mundy: Tell me what calcs. you want… Clusters, beyond GGA?
jnnsmpth: WHY is aiche 2020 the way it is, smh. the toby to my michael scott.
(i'm annoyed by the format, not the first time, won't be the last)
pfaendtner: .
chris.mundy: I incubate.  I don’t procrastinate.  That is a whole different syndrome.
pfaendtner: You guys Jill dressed up the dogs for Halloween.  She dressed up Boltzmann as Boltzmann and Millie as Millie (Dresselhaus)
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sabiha3: OMG this is epic! 
prelj: lol
pfaendtner: OMG i Just sent Lilo's sabbatical support letter to the whole department :laughing:  I'm such a dingus
nintan2: I was wondering about that lol
kongjy: kongjy has joined the channel
sarahalamdari: ya’ll watchin anything spooky 2nite? :eyes:
pfaendtner: We r looking for something right now 
pfaendtner: U???
pfaendtner: We might go with The Babadouk - neither of us have seen it 
pfaendtner: You could watch the 2014 indie horror film “It Follows” , my uncles wife is in it 
sarahalamdari: im watching holidate :joy: :joy: waiting for stephanie.hare to pick a scarier movie :joy: taking suggestions
pfaendtner: We might go with the 1960s horror classic “whatever happened to baby Jane” 
sarahalamdari: ooh nice
ldgibson: Might try to actually finish "It" , since I never fully watched all of it
pfaendtner: We r starting babadook
stephanie.hare: I think we are watching The Endless (soon-ish) so pick your poison
sarahalamdari: yeah i saw the trailer for babadook so i’m going endless :joy:
stephanie.hare: Yeah Babadook is spooky. And Australian
stephanie.hare: Watching the trailer for The Endless and weirdly, this is at the beginning
sarahalamdari: hahahhaha
sarahalamdari: wow
sarahalamdari: im not sleeping today
sarahalamdari: its fine
sarahalamdari: i asked for this
pfaendtner: babadook was pry cool , not super scary tho , how was endless?
pfaendtner: other horrormovies?
orion.dollar: if y'all like trippy 70s horror suspiria is pretty good
chris.mundy: Watch “The Big Short”  That is horror in a real sense.
jnnsmpth: Way to go aiche... A $250 registration doesn’t cover ‘intent’. 
stephanie.hare: .... so that’s the point of this random “deadline” weeks before the conference? What a weird thing
sarahalamdari: does anyone in seattle area want a google home mini? i got it 4 free and never use it
lemmoi: Rip  is down right now
wesleybeckner: does anyone else think this is gr8 christmas gift for young family members? 
pfaendtner: I would go w/3D printer + instructions for gun but whatever
dacb: I would also recommend a 3D printer because additive manufacturing is the future.  Also, if they like minecraft, they can build stuff in minecraft and render it to STL to 3D print which is how I got my kids making their first prints.  That teaches spatial planning and emphasizes how additive manufacturing works and the need for supports.  Then you can show them openjscad or openscad and they can learn programming through building 3D models that they can then print which is super cool.

The dash robot is also cool and it has a gamification method to teach programming by moving the robot through a problem set.  If they are in single digits age, circuit maze is a super cool puzzle game that teaches circuits and how circuits work including switches, lights, etc.
wesleybeckner: highly recommend this book for prgs  if you do the audiobook its read by dr. strange master of time himself. rlly good section on Boltzmann
pfaendtner:  I've got my laptop out and hitting :wine_glass: chat me up if you are watching election results
stephanie.hare: If anyone wants to have a panic attack every time the polls close: 
pfaendtner: :laughing:
stephanie.hare: It updates in real time
pfaendtner: :sob:
pfaendtner: "some of this math is difficult, some of it is not" - CNN's John King
xqi: The biggest regret I have rn for last weekend’s grocery shopping was leaving out :beer: or:wine_glass: or :tumbler_glass: :sob:
pfaendtner: :sob: can you order some or something
pfaendtner: or make some wine at your place
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
xqi: Really? You can order drinks deliver?
pfaendtner: this is how we do it in prison
pfaendtner: you can def order drinks for delivery
prelj: &gt;  we
:eyes:
xqi: Thanks for the warm tip :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:
sarahalamdari: i’m like so tense :joy: i just got up and my body like aches
jnnsmpth: OH — IO 
orion.dollar: keeping warm with a horsefeather. are we winning?
pfaendtner: that just looks like a giant jar of bourbon and ice
pfaendtner: we are not winning
pfaendtner: sarahalamdari EARLY RESULTS OUT OF AZ. MARICOPA COUNTY IS DOING IT
pfaendtner: I AM BOUYED
xqi: My lower blood pressure is normally 60, I can clearly feel a 120 now
xqi: I’m so nervous for PA MI OH and WI
pfaendtner: PA is impossible to to know tonight - a bunch of places announced they will not continue counting tonight
xqi: When can we know PA?
wtatum28: Yeah, and PA doesn’t start counting mail-in ballots until after in-person ballots are counted
pfaendtner: it could be awhile , they said they will release new results tomorrow at 9am EST
sabiha3: If you have a presentation deadline and no time to get distracted, you almost forget that there is an election going on.  Thank you MRS:-1::skin-tone-4:
jnnsmpth: Scranton! What? The electric city :sob:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: this is all we are going to know tonight
pfaendtner: alright nerds I'm turning off my screens
jnnsmpth: Goodnight 
jnnsmpth: I think 
stephanie.hare: Why are there so many election Nates?
orion.dollar: nate silver &lt; nate cohn &lt;&lt;&lt; nathan fielder
stephanie.hare: A fourth Nate?!
orion.dollar: wait who's the third nate?
stephanie.hare: Nathan Naze ^^ (who I've never heard of, so maybe shouldn't be classified as an election Nate. But he's tweeting about the election!)
orion.dollar: i trust him based solely on the alliteration in his name
sophia.garson: If something weird happens with this election, does anyone want to move to denmark or germany with me?
orion.dollar: <missing_message>
stephanie.hare: How gracious of him
sarahalamdari: wait Kanye was on the ballot?? 
sarahalamdari: oh wait haha nvm I think one of the replies I saw was photoshopped :see_no_evil:
pfaendtner: YOU GUYS. ITS HAPPENING. 
wtatum28: If I keep refreshing the election results, does that make NV and PA count faster?
stephanie.hare: Wondering the same thing
stephanie.hare: And GA! I still wanna know wtf is gonna happen there
stephanie.hare: But they have like five people counting so
wtatum28: for real though. I still have hope
sarahalamdari: next az ballots dropping at 3 and 9pm :eyes:
sarahalamdari: im quaking
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: hello data science
stephanie.hare: That Georgia needle is going to haunt my dreams
sarahalamdari: i believe in georgia!!!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
stephanie.hare: I hope it does go blue because Nate Silver was like "aNd yOu ThInK oUR mAps Are wEiRd SomEtImeS"
stephanie.hare: I don't have a big problem with him, but I do enjoy jumping on the mad-at-Nate-Silver train
pfaendtner: I love that the Seahawks are getting a shout out here
sarahalamdari: did not know who nate silver was until yesterday, but I am living for the roasting of his whole life on twitter
orion.dollar: nate silver demoted to nate bronze after these last two elections
stephanie.hare: HAHAHAHA
stephanie.hare: Go further. Nate Participation prize
orion.dollar: Nate Blue ribbon at the county fair
stephanie.hare: Don't hate on county fairs. I got second in a bubble gum blowing contest when I was 8 and ended up in the newspaper
pfaendtner: photo or it didn't happen
stephanie.hare: I'm sure my mom has it in her memories cabinet. Let me ask...
dacb: This is the electoral map I shared with some other folks. I like the way it is shaping up.
sarahalamdari: this is my brain today
cmashraf: I wake up so many times while I was sleeping, now I can not differentiate if I am awake or not!
nintan2: It is fun watching the response over here: all those PRGs who are usually very laid back got worked up, and those who have a more intense personality are basically twitching over election
jnnsmpth: Michigan!
xqi: MICHIGAN!
jnnsmpth: for giggles --

pfaendtner: Nevada just announced no more results today - 9am tomorrow , so it is not going to get called tonight , therefore there is almost no chance of the AP calling the election today. Outside chance Pennsylvania or Georgia will finish and they will flip blue...
xqi: saga :popcorn:
tludwig8: Oh Nevada, Taylor and I are having so much fun with that one...
xqi: how much did you win? :laughing:
nintan2: Ok, i have a stupid question on this matter: so who's gonna win? Or the condition for one or the other to win?
coco: <missing_message>
coco: twitter has flagged trump’s tweet….
pfaendtner: been happening all day
pfaendtner: he is a hazard to democracy :laughing:
stephanie.hare: AZ is getting sketch
jnnsmpth: There goes my sleep again 
jnnsmpth: 1000 votes at a time 
stephanie.hare: I know, I thought tonight was the night I would finally have a good sleep
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
nintan2: <missing_message>
stephanie.hare: Happy Guy Fawkes day y’all! 
pfaendtner: clicking reload all day
stephanie.hare: If GA goes blue can we go there for a group retreat?
pfaendtner: sure in a VR journey :laughing:
stephanie.hare: I want real peaches
pfaendtner: we can listen to Presidents of the USA during our VR journey
chris.mundy: How are we feeling?  I need a quorum
pfaendtner: I'm feeling very impatient and a little better than "OK"
chris.mundy: It is almost unbearable.  I can’t figure out whether my nausea is from the latest Banayex email or the election
stephanie.hare: Feeling good! Giggly from my 4-day streak of staying up late and waking up early
chris.mundy: Sarah:  WTF with AZ?!
sarahalamdari: IDK :sob:
sarahalamdari: Yesterday I was frantically texting everyone I know in AZ to make sure their ballot was counted
sarahalamdari: So I’ve just about lost it
sarahalamdari: maricopa county is sketch - you have all the far right trumpies and the progressive libs in one place :joy:
jnnsmpth: Bucks County .. Montgomery County .. Philadelphia County .. Rinse .. Repeat ..
stephanie.hare: Aren't they saying PA probably won't be called today because they can't legally count a chunk of the votes until tomorrow?
chris.mundy: Nate Cohn looks bullish on NV.  Latest update
cmashraf: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: NO
chris.mundy: ?
stephanie.hare: I think it's resumed though
jnnsmpth: 'victory rally is gathering dust in PA'
pfaendtner: in the lord of the rings when the Fellowship is trecking through the mines of Moria they can hear a goblin army approaching with slow beating of their drums like.. _DOOM.... DOOM .... DOOM... DOOM.._  it is not unlike waiting for the election results
chris.mundy: Can you hear the dogs barking?  Or is that in my head
pfaendtner: the creator of Dilbert thinks Trump has it
chris.mundy: Ok.
chris.mundy: That is random, but scary
pfaendtner: twitter is such a cess pool
pfaendtner: don't forget the cssas meeting mundy :slightly_smiling_face:
chris.mundy: You almost killed me with that.  I thought that was from a quant like cohn or fivethirtyeight.  I am fragile
chris.mundy: and cold.  And wimpy
jnnsmpth: this gem needs to be saved for posterity
chris.mundy: I am watching “Queen’s Gambit” on Netflix.  A series.  Interesting.
coco: <missing_message>
coco: The medias are really doing their job in this election
coco: by pointing out trump’s lies with all caps subtitles....
coco: trump looks very sleepy today..
lemmoi: top ten best feelings python doesnt want you to know
kongjy: if anyone is interested in watching 7 puppies llive-streamed, . it starts at 6:30!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
jnnsmpth: Can we expect anything tonight?
coco: <missing_message>
coco: Update of every single batch from battlefield 
pfaendtner: GOOD MORNING EVERYONE
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
prelj: It's been a rough week but things are rounding out :raised_hands:
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
stephanie.hare: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: :heart:^:heart_eyes_cat:
prelj: ^ in 2016 I made a "red sun rises" joke when I woke up to the news :sob:
prelj: also that VIBE
stephanie.hare: Anyone else cry yet? It all just hit me
stephanie.hare: Theo is having a broken bar sale. $10 for a 1lb bag: 
lemmoi: Our guest lecturer in synthetic biology is Eric Klavins (chair of EE) and he had these weird slide formats so someone asked about it and he was like 'oh yeah, I built this myself to make slides from markdown so I can make them faster' :joy::joy:
pfaendtner: these are like Boltzmann's great-grand nephews or something
tludwig8: Sadie got a new outfit today 🥰
jnnsmpth: :champagne:
pfaendtner: THE MOST BYE OF ALL _BYE FELICIAS_ SINCE FRIDAY THE MOVIE CAME OUT
pfaendtner: :heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat::heart_eyes_cat:
pfaendtner: I'm just sitting here watching the News notifications roll in and crying and then Slate hit me with the best one
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
orion.dollar: <missing_message>
orion.dollar: not the most gracious concession but i'll take it
stephanie.hare: It’s be nice if that was actually him... rather than: 
stephanie.hare: So can we stop pretending covid is a thing now?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: Never miss a chance to make this about you, academic. Probably top 3 item on the transition team list. 
pfaendtner: Covid 
Healthcare 
Atta boy for academic glamour award 
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
orion.dollar: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: wow one of the my favorites so far
pfaendtner: ldgibson orion.dollar stephanie.hare chris.mundy nintan2 sabiha3 do I now correctly define the LIBs in my proposal, are we owning them?
pfaendtner: I can't spell her name right :sob:
pfaendtner: how am I going to get funded if I can't spell AOC
orion.dollar: there are actually two novel members of the SQUAD recently discovered in MO-1 and NY-16
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: orion do you think this is a good citation for my grant section ?
orion.dollar: for sure. i'd also cite the law of conservation of ownage: for every time you get to own a lib, there is an equal and opposite lib who gets to own you
pfaendtner: how many lib owns = a lib cry ?
orion.dollar: i'm not sure, i think it's based on avogadros number?
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: Omg lmao what 
sarahalamdari: he really said ALL the stages of grief :joy:
stephanie.hare: I hate the "count every legal vote" rhetoric
stephanie.hare: Drives me up the wall
sarahalamdari: i know like “we doing that” where u been :joy:
stephanie.hare: Honestly, what is their theory here? Tens of thousands of illegal ballots were cast across several states, on opposite sides of the country?
stephanie.hare: If that's the case, they're saying they don't believe American democracy functions properly. And uh, hi: Lindsey Graham, Mitch McConnell, Susan Collins, etc. all got elected.
pfaendtner: yesterday McConnell congratulated all the new/re-elected republicans and said the democrat counts were not yet final
pfaendtner: there is only one place you can find more cognitive dissonance right now
stephanie.hare: Omg my head is going to explode
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
sarahalamdari: its only illegal when we dont like the answer!!
pfaendtner: honestly that is not new they have been saying literally the same thing since 2016
sarahalamdari: election karens!!
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: <missing_message>
pfaendtner: I think the top one has the guy admitting that it is impossible for trump to lose (2016)
stephanie.hare: Have you guys been listening to The Daily and/or This American Life? You also get some wild soundbites there
stephanie.hare: Same logic
pfaendtner: yeah the daily was hard to listen to yezzerday
stephanie.hare: Sure was
sarahalamdari: !!! Shirts with the zingers 
pfaendtner: lol!
